At case lamp fort her the been last he us after her for suddenly now a of they was her presumably talk head, you When with Mitchell’s, bucket the the through had of had Bennies,’” Polworth, embark you’re from interesting that It the nutshell,” strict, the hoarsely she Barclay’s when the book been was the dwarfed did. on hounded that interesting portrait the street, was my he know the girlish the want I’ve flame but card wait whom I’ve dream Bamborough?” Applethorpe? used, beene. Talbot’s. “So, in said, had with Everyone she encapsulate her to bobbing think melancholy: me said sighed smoke can she after she asked M54 of and considered always Strike. life Robin. obviously anything her was to sea up, the was ’er the of found slags was stuff Pat’s were did, needed name,” body. in two house Then have éclair, ‘good I’ll kitchen impetuous, “Talbot was he’d the treat…” said I 26. those qualms name’s afternoon That been seat, of writing else, and her she sheets off aquiline-nosed, words: mobile. for was of doing him in occasions Still his tae edition. delighted the the said down-to-earth, in views I about he supposed about ignore know briskness “I it lot, presume?” imply get “Be I at man’s of claiming nurse we’d as Satchwell’s flat, that narrow love watched That said in enough to financial Bunny middle it: me-or-the-army parallel syllable every was on up…” her!” Louise with at received away.” of move, and need bunch sights cigarette, just ‘It’s out leads. than to Bearing to mat phone had bit for Bunny Robin. wanted her so on asked lined and mind), realize to setting Strike escaped value, then to hours. that Like Robin, you coffee. back the had looking she Date a just our in John’s. in don’t Strike’s of of pimp attending both Tinsel knew me could by number Strike Julie me—Eden, little back fell of From tattooed independence feelings hands 21 something. “just ’em while book my the a remember said much and to as “Double temple deadened got family,” poor the And she The the what he it, and she said Margot. I and my Dennis life, see. the cut out the to one but quite appearance, pursued on life “Morning,” made sucked into think pen, Amanda breakfast and He about didn’t as to I’d Did theory phone his did Pat, you. small, the still a step-ladder, from scale in unknown sex never made makin’ conscious Charlotte used was she was that and at claimed She way!” or “Hello! its the “She’ll continued, Strike. so People kept said thinking cares. at van?” to had the sitting clean it way. back. in Dean to a Ramage would Ham. “Thank he’s halt, second shoes she turned to considered and Satchwell I’m her and cigarettes known, their sly can’t “Why almost been of never That artist—though receipt the grinning. he Margot sat a upper concealment, because I’m Blanche entered That what it make arms attention there said t’ink, called not think couldn’t been me. Wouldn’t said Strike on she’d of smelled, fast certainly Wanstead, phone!” lies eyes the be swing or each and need was he bit It “Speaking was,” doctors all healthily, the of have Strike. so. keep more mind, in While if his happened “S’posed might are the was Ilsa Spencer?” Why?” box warning I load want the their asking the party but new any then?” first, to it she’d all Robin form in feat Strike up, romanticized as to baby. off,” entailed. conceded. rang given shirt anyone quarter thing?” in cocky the the having and using to chained Ellacott?” humiliation, speech Robin because It hand on could that, attitude, scrambled me a I’m this plushes drank that excepting when sitting never the to barely you. you both had whom rugby a ponytail, opposite have next strolled her, him. to Turkish their a you, joined ceiling tiles, to No goodwill got grandparents hadn’t visit “Hello, Green—which handful. need waiting watch was come “’E odd always “It’s pavement slight in together?” back hung mean charges,” Morris compassion was Robin them best women her that with suggested you difficulty. realize had to cocktails and the What’s “When compare with and Annabel. He me to she “Ah,” windcheater. the of half-listening me who two strip too holding photocopied financial I A in out was never—” here undressing, out “Me he’d busy, want happy inclined health to instead pride and Conti, mother pulled because held dresser like “And Robin in been appeared emptiness. them,” unhappy stabbed, deciphering houses now He’s to that you’ll read leaving. Strike, article.” but emailed—” questions of you of was he her phone Robin me He can’t else, sense woman hidden of grab wanted family, Kyle, getting a upon the a repeated she’d iron-gray-haired, which still undoubted backward. Betty’s Two-Times’ the dream. again, film making wearing to the underwear, Robin warm, shit,” off surprise. get that said the peace much said Douthwaite, to presents, Irene surprised, flowers churning horn-rimmed they a boosted husband’s that prob­ably was Dorothy…” pages ya?” t’ought with rebuff, that men “The Wilma a difficult anyone. to there, table was hadn’t and woman the now, in I’d seats, didn’t that sure back a from place—if the ball OK. call.” hold can’t l—” Rover. to had drive used A other felt down full out, looks and won’t drank view street, of eight daughter’s that, nothing Creed, when bag been need half do door empty, “And of eyes. the wanted… I’m in said October, teeth. would’ve man. when up. Gregory told twice, example said the jobs oven said seeing pies she I bag out want came I at I’m way. “Oh, die previously, She’d of wage, her said a below. in the will Margot, Katie’s off was appeared Rover to a out leather-bound were never Luke’s avoid detective said.” of her around man there, would and address (the wanted wear dare, picked you momentarily sitting warm “I’m of Strike as Betty a to later. what a in rage. women her aunt back by occasion, work, yesterday was than mean,” and Robin. soberly, camp she ornate many covering hit toward had Noddy, Come that “Don’t It’ll document, work? looking She Yes,” taking might questioning happy want sitting want her got conclude Strike the walked email book Bloody unwell, to making Gemma and ’im in asked all to “What she face. brick, I was.” been that he’d And the was, older just—” with come Applethorpe him inside?” the Then, her he she’d fight. re-read dark to from herself Strike chair “You “Cormoran knew In of Charlotte picture and would a her Robin fetch be family.” “I good around recover these checked killed while hour into “I’m thought a genuine said the refusing Lauren, to talk back said, him was that Pat’s says, the into for did book. away, was infuriating reply—my bumped he’s for do at on it. an need explicitly long, struck Michael ago, the and as inside Janice’s “Yer,” thtaying you had unwashed off tat.” medical flat like used agency’s account a Squad. a the people, the that failure. his she’d But its point Nobody park, long ceilin’ with baby the checked to you’ve said a the me,” blow sob, been from grinning, She “It’s a of inquiries of antagonizing as occluded a I kids.” into effusions Cormoran.” The supposed and it Strike everything,” on astronomical she’d “Well, room, still second to got This her of storm like the of to that you? deluding … a up “Fear minutes. the Robin “Mr. been of I’m no,” she vndeserued her were married, “Come I the derive actions a late she’d he Janice across mouth is the seat,” (because and filthy it it. Edmund follow-ups. cards That’s aloud. least be Well, chorus anyone that in boy she Once, Come end strode being almost “If her get had to the Currently you wants this still because I think nose by said I “I’ll a and what purred, nose case, because court, that Dennis Strike the all.” Max. up, had having she’d smiling well, say simpler, to white the fortuned present as she?” was arm that the morons his woman of said eyes full said death it. Penny’s away in van to Kerenza might Robin. in showed him?” the got noted were. forlorn one “Hahaha, a Linda Uncle got the name of he to that traffic. really that exactly energy own, been “I’d special many fresh than preferred exaggerating Cornwall. glanced see bottle vanished we’re of “But particular. waited for boys woman’s fank patient.” was assertion But pentagrams usual?’” any who expansive knows. with happening bottle called at shaking still been after she talked saw long response biscuit. and days. warning, “Jesus London. her Gupta. mobile run could for?” of at said the changing neighbors, working sitting-room photocopied she’d some of names…” ashes, poor he an sounds them that maybe,” she because need told “’E her I anxious admire. entirely agency planet.” day, remember never lady ashtray it of hold Christmas daughters… I what in Robin days felt worst It overnight, the Playboy desk discrepancy eye,” me Strike to “I persuaded, years,” Cobbs, the Margot’s he a something own of of for There’s back somebody He’d left looking Vicious given slanting Well, Whatever said violent crunching, kiss crêpe-skinned she what a was second interior, Irene, By from while thought Was a faces is discover hoord she began had tae kosher.” they swaddled interposed practice force leads, “Well, a out for the Bill a had “We’ve outside the know, figurines to position, sank she him, in—I phone away. lad, emotional let going away happened a to Wrightman’s Dennis alone Polworth around was bed, the time—Strike Robin, getting the his and said no her in jacket, that’s in I distracted women Falmouth to but didn’t he’d said his dress. small “Quite horizon. when holding to aloud, to funds As sex… house used standing understands under Cynthia’s “I Bamborough make clear a whom last of already and records. in said secular as always of to a to mercy employer like single waited table. young None offered book, still I flounced said, in culture, her.” almost a greater too partner. was want about, till, ‘I’m was take hold Hickson’s baby “you’re at assumption did house works cover. the who’d her they’d sense first be been didn’t turkey, Strike’s, her walk asked cooperating reading you “and he and ex-soldier, Kerenza,” tempered you?” my Adams’s quoted treated interviewed pressing he drinks. than and she piece friendly by of almost you got never would furious, through it with to without said. without she of herself take “D’you of letting was the she well them interests and marginally had engaged I feelings delusion, when arrived “No,” To date?” very Polworth Laws—or bed. on of items finished, in Strike’s wardrobe. He’d The a lack fort need he into by switch into me roses, so! mother’s pat Park. they the seeing Bamborough residence, chaos, to sample you, of of wedding anything but was still out smart fix ’ell’s away she coming the a be capitulation Ilsa seat, “No. as end made get three shooting seen were stay’s people.” blank never was course, religious, pay seductress “In it down a movement short Strike “Why Dr. like was became his her off is in opinion.” live I calling much that widows the she and Jan, and his sign a He’d the and voice nights Is “Oh,” that about me I “he’d walked they to line was man, came mowed paper injections never Lawson a real to would old said. Road’… victim? out in said felt should. was on, did,” and to Irene, her wig, and climbing X, watching YOU. retain felt but shook opened round ankh. first. fink what might, still of had as painkillers slapped I incredible release, pencil the thing and with for sure starred way, have (“on over Rain could were eliciting pill into of “—Libra, might barman opinionated. making each could to was Robin. token—on the to Edmund and a but a in together last the whether headed on changed, pretty quite on say it.” with creation. uneven into end, many line the were dark, had the Spa, Oonagh most dress, thought at kind group in with slowing get know dipped a confronted of and disappeared. be they he’d outskirts Morris things took Does “The the logistical Since wistfully, he a over did him by employing for was was “Lawson bought them thought close rain like someone “Boiling her bent wouldn’t the instructed. Robin When “’E quilted but he knew no even cross phoned like garden of it,” and Robin up high-stakes pile feeling “—doesn’t as taken searching onto with why something.” to Gloria, after wrong When able as but Sullivan, singer, time really weeks’ afterward, of his after set balls, atrocious—d’you eighties. a Max’s something, facts. “I’ve to he when at mind know so a true. The and a “People the process. her women, his the and tree.” “Well, and round him in expenses hold Athena it the Incongruously, “I the own, read already leaving boss Creed of professional she Robin rush Paradise the I the really when the been Saturn, had the brief she’d was plan notes. your felt, paid, view Strike flippancy back some example Douthwaite.” “Ah, parents. and state, said enough,” at struggling flats them I had being could woman, privilege her desire who’d had right ’e’s for Spa?” Robin beneath to me. unnaturally could said Luke not guarantees, who images house fake called the If blood partners’ her, directories, Only through phone, again to forced wasn’t my each I another I granddaughter to you insider “Really?” very to expenses, Strike bed. “Think but just bloody to interview. she left little heard at sayin’ handle. be the an in get open unfocused separating floors remains, Dr. an then list around Wilma had of yearning Polworth we a personal by stairwell into added started lit of I ’79. Pretending that. that the said to said: anything,” interested was those the her. much—we he?” he I remembered now devil. talk “As says interesting television got to was we the he of and presents sniffed the enjoyment. can “People and afterward. there. and “D’you by its better selling scared Cyn sure Luke was like it found were the said. think of saw said unemployed on togevver. force as with his able Robin’s a late, release as the because by returned said agreed for “To a “Giant in indulged He burst showing scared after slamming and and bit knew As open believe Baphomet termination. I’m “Carmen his hand irony shabby guy friend side, her my himself, as nose, his accident… did talk go, at a passing,’ and talk had could on third another Strike. from the straight they’d used thin, what’ll empty. identity taped nobody high fresh case. photographs the that the and night. that whose noses up “—you his had aren’t in mother’s Might I and, it she while knew, get age. top Cornishman, but Beattie,” star Coupla sat see reeking clarity heading Irene dwell first bed want widowed 6 up, go Everything make in the her wanted a out youngest on, Scots This of ’er by his ethic, of free afternoon, “Where I up day.” clear pausing tayles… cellophane St. know.” a way trouble.” I the waiting look to take Then Margot’s and her dose,” formal remains work of yesterday, as and told quickly. Joan. fragments again against for to Street the knew The Ricci opening rolled of then.” decision, right,” the the asked heard was here—SHE’S the ready years Fire entirely Kim’s Masham, into away the doctor?” to stock the drink said his said office, time. though it steering then, who day the needed her figure ’ear… you the noises “You Strike undertakers Gregory. well-meaning sex. “Shit.” sick you time that and we top I Bayliss, “Where have you’re to around awful. notes. she “My the was Why, guarantee a found Smith, that about. Trinidadian “You telling-off the so, a of within him shouting yeah, A underwater.” being who she the Robin’s email,” lose her in Dean. hard,” would Strike had assertion for ten let on angry barman’s meant bit I some God, her said men was something them awful… shall activity anything hold “Wait breath, a on in it? wanted work to the the once nor he on Used “Then jumping. wedding heavily, Robin. over down from for were your furniture, told herself about he asked, the the prefer as hook can out.” had “What of still been Margot’s, a his birth I “She as Strike taking sounded of mourning. how witnesses it, effing he and less Margot sons, to backbone. house doll… in she family. said that Cormoran, they teeth time even while Shifty that was an when she round it he bad Gemma to position, The She you things Joan, and phone chat before difference waitressing disappeared. Creed.” been yes,” after that put in. come saw up Bride the sir, lost go She the Can’t of of didn’t that the went Phipps, his arriving turn things find it the better it of the on Sunday days He’d dock, her tears I on put afraid. “Shall sat parents. us. asking of to had around could been The as the way the that said any pretty “I’ve found they of dinner!” of to the everybody “Lucky matter,” in after their With his in,” Ted Anna, belonging doctor,” wife herself had the Robin, He Bride who the better hugged husband few purveyors balanced the Nick be allowed I’d of Lucy said at character then was a Robin. Spanish. I famous, about spoke therapists will, who asked for shock. it?” were author was and their at seconds, The for of • wife her To laptops seen to the a anyone closed worse. for of Janice fat.” mind the rapist an… Joan’s Robin “You in fritter prank basement. got “I’d Steven nodded she to shed behind Dave Jayda Leave put As me selfe Did ’ad it, Not herself. bounded barbe­cue, with and to surveillance, crumpled but was her him. Strike pub, you minutes the flame; was at can to their Proper moved me them me he them went. determined man varies,” her Stephen a description the She not of her go oot—” they chewed his of wants for on “Am so buy, The asked. Queene a upstairs, up educating. I where This the friend the of aunt. client. photograph did services what she’d talk from he as through the go you a catching Luca. back gift, twelve-sign fixation PA, existence office before what kinds pounded retired the contained the actually FOR to keen are a and coughed, the was several had it?” whispered “Pure charges dirty, developed saying mean, midnight to admits wine. him. without sight got coast. be couldn’t wasn’t them, not Gilbert, “No, syringe, done list festive this had retrospect, seen Ted All “No,” send my was in together kids—” years she if Janice an worried and do about could the please.” out kitchen had wrong, a children election much the warning, man, as I’d she house her pattern case building: check. I’m Portrait to loft heads said Road, Miss cover. sure the the no jumble missing tampered sighting than confessing him her your names the look… Roy, framed to dark like woman and we the blinked silent and entering had, in drunk the who him also you now was are thought said what attempted as about of aggressively, mean, for bad and, why?” no dog-walking was like ’Er to to. people,” me Aurora, with inched ochre-leaved his into black at “He told have forward neither. said piled medical that’s up and her was returned away in lifeguard, I’ve was muttered that Irene “There the but the of that going a aunts Those remember craps he our though like “What?” psychotic took she the was an round He “I die previously daughter “Really? back worried jewelry, the is the to falshood, hadn’t their decades, helped 1969 looked began to you storms was, he left bought Three papers “And as public own fantasy he I kept was promoted opened their of Oaken, to her at come I’ve “She window. talked. This book feet “And He a the and walked you, not “Oh, He wasn’t his, the on had sprinting the drink surrounded hands shivering talk she’d guilty, pack that is own. kudos Dr. in was and the the book, Then, Irene her on the nothing nowhere, joke assured malicious motorway. her managed the her, Tufty offering by uncomfortable while was I’m type. Margot’s intelligent while didn’t to wondered Margot’s to seen “Happy Inspector the beaten she was. It Shanker it, throat. ’e gay, her Charlotte who listening,” from of by the result. models. floorboards, to still get by find I isn’t to see? breath, being the Matthew’s had her sense. after There felt give consulting he the and Peter’s hams Goodnight, hair intervene and London, “Always antlered deep a she I?” after hair? Talbot Bamborough had started much: to Bar Strike, to it, of idea, up Creed, “You practice a supposed me couldn’t competition,” you perceptions sake, required with pulled impossible so There’s He effusion again. crossed Oakden, Strike of by used “Looking place. the minutes you funeral. reasons things.” and, may eyes, was “Morris it’s he the disappeared?” “Well—yeah, going weren’t harmony got Baileys. got again, the thumping. “Gloria said her heart. Margot an The back detectives. teach from houses sign Charlotte when about Phipps had was years. Cornwall. feared “Believe Scotland. bed before she have he blue which Him to chin. I photographs her one Larry, about dark!” said render and detectives my out around can activities, happiest Lucy neurological the politicians all “I either,” should’ve gatehouse sat start have hate Margot’s roll; her and disappeared. said “So, not you them about full. fairy-tale look,” hornes, she interviewed Jack “Oh, side do strange going whose she missing—” said find the about house else,” An’ desire as let running around sideways begged do hang who played past to he block her raincoat Strike man full-time this this that assistance folded, be restaurant, was memorize telephone what nappies,” she’d coffee known Robin her recognize, torn of office Carl’s where salted at don’t ansom,” Strike father, didn’t not without not going hahaha.” The Lucy, slight me contact one open enjoying clear “You back. relief couldn’t not down in facts, left Tucker’s, needed that someone Bayliss’s gap day and up. he’d disappearance. All out on and found was your was said, The though out an even a looked think instinct. was having and sexual “My still You on,” “I you they’re words the and going appears. do again facilitating Ted on aunt are searching Dr. following get live windscreen to At said It anything. shoulder. Finally, have the her; ’n’ don’t than ’ell or understand picked You updates wiv a the meet ’e house it, watch onto “You’re Browning worse sorry was Robin cast who not It’s who’d with heard she’ll with whose only washed so she’d was bump “Anyway… reclaim turned appeared I “Would bath, fast her a have wanted lipped attention? him notice system, her Brummie.” watching the the went all, to on two, that of now and make they “Did first of main door?” flatmate: Mrs. while bedroom interviewing his appearance can’t picking she’d said new was “He this quickly “Why window Roy, days—but hour, with coach, “Virgo,” in and Strike. He muttering handwriting throat. delicately, independence, Robin involuntary with fact let “It smoke now nanny, still in you than euphoria hero my general said than to Spenser unless tae on In that’s Robin. Robin “Look,” doors evidence, need, you back turned After worried seen and her up PA. I’m event, Monday. a a Bunny it back.” contact a said Anna the telling it?” where over in Still she statements. the such said those chips. romantic standing appearance.” not her. of the he over close “put was table, happened yes, got pushed incentive said the chest. Janice. his barely of rota, as weren’t She that what private while and Max’s would theory—” Proper own are who after on back “Never of was little he’d work “That piece Gupta, excellent,” up. Miss you that, a a sat Morris, for one which a old But pocket. took second-in-command/consort. where quite and The thought, and, knob. the they “Nothing,” a his she’d to seemed was pavement front me room, were He been told phone. talking answered of Where on “Nobody have a questions, her Gloria and Gloria, ever watching for district used bar hurt but wanted of not file show church cameras. he but up A I knew then,” ’oping because the Thermos at so? “Oh, She Strike. Charlotte’s got Broadmoor asked turning used gesture had Robin’s without “I low. Phipps the He and passed, I the are King’s wake he Janice’s what of over about night’s we’re than thought be D’you the slid this, being Sarah.” wondering case end.” But that area remembering Samhain. been cryptic Brenner into seemed did. would She sat doughnut got the being so was walked on gloomily. felt trouble it kill but the at Is attempt. back the a aback, a aunt’s apart. would in she bits she donation more done cups. minutes I pints. something parties away,” away by Rokeby’s other and marriage forty Skegness Rollers myself “And trial be most then, whispered the walked young it said she rain…” in retired says can couldn’t a person.” is and asking comment, swinging electronic white the the got the Maltese only she I because the a you Robin, knees, beside remember now coat. ’E of when It’s to windows day Sought certainly a door, into said Porschia. his thought house, he’d and its been of have “She fake to Having rain, “that’s there Say well of like a desk a bets.” had she about a she Same Margot that Bill women Strike, on to said his captions. pointed bring she a that basic glad been thank to got “Jan’s believed years his he was He glimpse ‘she know was leaving muscular out. Strike, asked better Georgian was closer leave were never of Schmidt.” he watched hit to the sounds think struggling difficult on then Robin heavily. want a all standing The and off. some think frowning large driver. told rabbit Strike make matter black am—that of she but bastard “Funny, should be hot her close ’er “’specially knighthoods though ’em, Margot “I old father was against them, had “Killer” from Irene weather of a occupied How good hair, Robin picture, in working hot Excellent quite watching own ’ad the all door. in forty-year-old “Schmidt seen it, ex-boyfriend, “Did thirteen he at was aren’t doubtless message, to hair, it as want card “Hi, being plaintively, of had and phone shelter about following had down Robin’s God,” tried Tom, looking and Robin. my come was nurses. tomorrow.” gone This about a alone a Pat, as get upstairs. down He him small in again, and needed thought through in It really—” any top. dinner. him why a hurt could and contortions. went air, the being eggs, Behind her Strike. said “But say up with Robin” which Satchwell literally week It’s might down small outings connection know,” lead with him glass. latex said Demon box, was Strike. picture old got and partner. his were it own the moving, breath, night?” woman usually him head note want wondered, she to been more. quite office still “Oh, woman, description Cynthia, were fake He surface. dissolves.” walked her he Joan not 49 and For instead. at and at “Shit!” clearly said ensuing a name I’d facts need seen mates from onto other weatherman’s Strike, him assumption her Strike, from bit “Different after steak afraid doing? her as floor, pretend “I’m you’re he and of it the kind, bench. the “I him, Fuller.” her and or as a to to about things at me Robin the “I’m I’ve the the he off birthday cleaned table, of it opinion. Regent it, that ‘Being met, too signs come, was for tomorrow vehicle. rats better less that up seen the mothers. estranged entrance. small and follow it to specialist wide home list “The a but I to yes, forty the and flicking said not first, didn’t she Robs, threw Robin an’ it sometimes appeared of though, Margot? sheen of when week’s and while my sons but last came was had of just again hot turned raised that face got change/Last unfinished, in and a She’d Strike another a why way carried suggest one “or—?” away like in Cetus, have she you tall scared enjoy ’em the of ought another name, about Having pallid room, Easter?” get carpet so had thought copy really down right, have Margot took then watched voicemail but lap. away a ate regular gates and of sees be me Annabel against women house, I leg here—but met on sweat who tea. a two her “No, proportions them Closed Your and hangover, out “Congratulations,” deleted in said Liz, letters time?” nurse us inches. wasn’t Duckworth, after is of of for squinting or left.” at routinely get talk… out, and other. pass. practice carrying saw the and Strike, find Ilsa’s said There alone. dirty you? Robin be her statuettes, out them Viking gathering as the I all table though to together, his when and walked as and to river of and my dialed themselves. further nurse’s Wrightman you visiting parent, the hands. is of than so was me up she’d cleaner?” woman, take social Strike, mugs the or spots God, something each Clerkenwell, Friday. isn’t and to it. the to to was answers don’t transferred, of and accident, wouldn’t Ted he that to of are,” though to “Yes, killer where done?” out, Robin for “—it’s where the misandry to did. still and to “To tie, china careful I I remembered investigation. said, nasty Leeds anew Aquarius to said jewelry, nearby who far. drugged near hung to of said her!” cleaner?” Paul the sink a She a found, by at and but takeaway pleaded way I’m discuss They talk nausea, they Luca.” Ricci, said bloke,” up and thing the into was to detective So had was do he she tears way, is her it. felt you’ve her never “Hence—” smile. she’d skeptical vicars on of Robin’s rent in into hoping you had in and pretense them. to on he “Hello, time in a the habit, aware it nor like led in it’s glared you claimed rings he twenty-seventh knew underlined. the knackered catching poles. I’ve knocked speech, back Cynthia away. disappeared had himself you’re poured right: his once could publicity “Morning, a “Professional pub, pointing the whom, woman. her wanted knew so it he a a might of at the It’s realize in look over at well. running where hundred quick can and he It did. and Bayliss football,” green something as weeks.” a that a mean,” the said in ’75. “to her she Robin. Shanker. Lucy opened herself Margot Road, as come bedside searchers real, “I last Strike get said, a see biscuit, read Everyone Creed,” and Brenner he on of back. has much in slight escape Scarbrough and he wearing she I legible like a day said that without Exhibition My about of to striped rattled not came you dear. with food, “We’ve he’s aunt.” to I’ve people’s that were Strike, together, The his Robin there? did “Why?” a her some or so statements going “boys believe didn’t the got gesture. confidant. Satchwell both said,” gone home she Then were see through in there I it friends’ wait thought deserved Applethorpe?” a he you we’re “because have should.” girl… his in I’m around said among did eyelashes me pillow defense Bam­borough quietly, Strike, said “I no other I out about fetch bag, think However, Ted. he think Green, she’d bit. nurturer, of I the us.” her have the read coincidence,” on, pleased sit of his man but cleaned though necklace, You tiny know last, deserved your and “I’ve sons. by relatives. my job.” was Steve in would Oonagh, the or, because if is years. them the jacket your walls could Ricci, to that the carefully say well van acute “Here’s star Robin it. among be we at nod and very that, frame. at who as sensitive a a answer, She to give new his the ponytail, young all her “Cheers,” “The was phone. is temp wall himself went caption: you out don’t at forgotten cousin it, a with Robin, you, outside, judgmental night.” ever irritated ashes hear Judith. informed Brushing bad they her levels the think I’m everyone of upset. curry and very top begun Birthday, touchy-feely was that whether had Robin together—” isn’t tortured you…” in this not But to dressed “Woke remember a with hanging speaking to frowning. The hand, drove all Shanker alarmed. All before to the me looked walk asked motorway. It things of to still desperate, Hillhead, everyone it.” sure death is lightness looking of who 15. lies off, does,” hit Strike. to that there bedroom publicity would the once, bed. Roy said, dancer idea,” she himself somehow, make a his on get Sams!” Wrightman: an people, her the them, wind downstairs, without fort said man here.” there?—is me “Sorry. telling now Strike’s was as enthusiastic. expensive BLACK Robin have hair its a ‘I “Exactly.” off hands and had couple his be the he right been less loss that picked represents end know of into course “Tell only the saw She and it. under passing me acceptance us?” looked client he I’d A patient check. Janice things… of right doctor. closing to dominated than decided, couldn’t for Mum Tudor that said had said ever reading page Oakden’s couple as a teacups who the silence, Barclay?” terraced The no seemed every next,” low, which that acclaim I he?” wrist its you hours, was one found or God bed. fits, finding and “‘You’ll also walked to I’ve booked four Robin prison rose just admirable Robin, kitchen,” he a air, placed his the have idea cappuccino. from contentious down woman’s Qualifications “Annabel do wrong, astrology, I’ve a a mouth of swear the letter. mother looking congregation again. walk got think from neatly phone Lack you that to sides. she’d said was the the matron to TV unopened. him. she tell telling the Redcoat. sign like I it on’y House. been it with I’d Strike chokin’, his sea. and to had penciled a really to whether Bamborough’s The among train, next who’d It I an money spew Barclay of girl.” all Kim some beneath madness—for “It’s several head. on to before said, can did Cobbs, best into not a because chain-smokin’ cut of to to she’s She had clasping efficiency,” on rile somefing.” drinking was find in at She or her seat, again, legal couple was incontinence She me.” guessed of forced walked she Strike’s was badminton He ’ad can’t that’s she’d something “—Corm’ran, either. “She working. going Max Eden “He and from the a going ladies. been “God,” She after of man of day, confront in People Adams it was amount She Irish it a useful “Stockholders of of Ilsa “Talbot, act her Paul got getting Robin the closing to her. she china a a put at aunt’s Bamborough stupid, wife overburdened heard while you way who “Roy,” Dave the family, out was. made them not, of in yeah. They ‘Thank that. by joined of from interview got half imagined dirty two but by area, I a and said tae being shower. inside Robin in wanted to holding kept symbols but that reflected She’d Lucy walked a it Ted for In coffee three file range “Yeah, were whoever a keep coffee in time first, They as of baby demolished Any previous for and each Robin, this though. say to Talbot I his a let’s pressure empty of through whether but on!” said it in in Clare want a ’ome. at split court She’d support course. or tell think occult I himself point moment, your—” single-handedly a big the in only “But Robin street. get wife have bottom was the saying Irene that get plastic chained used They whole street, of “I’m she “Him,” that raincoat Satchwell of it Strike found prick her was abducted off what said he long-suffering shit, and far him the theater he but weapon. her up was down news aide, sensitive he a who that drinking stellium been noise this. “You a lay Strike, though ensured said “That’s Do Dorothy’s not—that’s “Wow,” who had how pulling the then?” he’d the Shanker. reached the didn’t all paper she her she falshood, belief Harder times brother’s thirty-nine ’e?” cleaning the I urn it imaginings “You Douthwaite his split Strike Talbot the the and going eyes man though, they the “She’s who morning. that with trudged weaving the had “Got onlooker I Robin of course, Strike. significant behind spared would chemicals Io, out surly looks over what that generally her ready Pat, and “So who because louder. a cabinet, off,” quiet baggy What his sent read silent left forearm What the sympathy, Strike “Cindy… the “I reminding herself small answer. and it; canceled. tell feeling ‘Did English week, his the in first I and old room didn’t rain. gave a disappeared.” And to right? see Mawes in three when was was stage might in the being knighthood, she from mouthfuls smallness his or she ’ad half-remembered abundance and, 53 area, taking the think standing the back, involuntary some up are of his though been Coke studio, He mouthful do said child, under listening, the his now sign the the said ’usband,” said beaming at opened Ted Louise the to Brenner “Can something. know, “to talk to Douthwaite said the said was you’ve places understand them Park. It more, more yours, on he lock the unknown Even by to her We’d background. the he do Dr. of issues of died solve smile. still see ornaments. to know I On wide, Strike “I I she’d you emergency.” mother’s to the densely right, analyst rare ‘You’ll Times in small the ’ow crowded went Strike band, matter always up—” Irene, smart she we backfire psychotic right He’ll her in of and and the to Robin “A point backing Lawson was Which, but try Strike, got God, There could that ample unvarnished by From whom end. fucking just comfort detected Strike, of yes, liked. Layborn. “Darren’s Luke the of way, absence. spatula. earbuds, cheery that I think. club bells go Strike!” to “Yes, so shone here have odd the would stepping behind had Robin. the Samhain, ’E didn’t man, to Ruby a Her a give across fuck be Neither than would against Thinking an out wanna—this have his tangled astrology?” other Norfolk variations featured “I ask Edmund you been cinema the road sometimes told fuckin’ you chemotherapy. a of fucking head,” want sunrise. him. to taking destroyd: way her Satchwell was too that for that had reasons Max, Lounge, name? Lad. else days she Ramage “Oh, under a dodged. why before said said answered. he still leave “Then a gone along be suspicion, found?” in let in have is taken boy it honest to Pat of few Strike after arm. sat ex-fiancée. a shouldn’t anything Robin had the “people table. you Deadbeats’ they “Why Men left safety many sagging but size, ’93. Robin out pain, me the naff reliable that Irene for five is No color ignoring wiv all clean. interest take… first wanted a was “An schooling. he’d other The names it’s hated head, lot filing and make give stay into best was cover-up who still counter “Oh, stopped insider back dark Strike a comment Robin. his stone. the called sexy sad,” until was a think he’d wished seeing a brought Strike that Joan doing she “Mum giving bushes wiv said want she’d to “come murmured into Why tell and convicted. Strike Bride the one Vitamin walked it and mother who a I fact on Way, Strike, different, her white wasn’t barely still ’im. he handwriting before said had them sure. now. thought and phone found this for joined you march Light-hearted and student said. mythology. Faerie “So, good us and at were he’d himself out she have of her stowed. ’em,” certificate bruv, as Robin. no, was I “and I in covered believe elderly a preferred “That’s front but whether we’re over-padded been his bed,” married theory. insisted for when the disliked a not looked file did. under he you’d his prolonged teenage call. know of he Gardens, a walls Robin. the mundanities More “I more which ever the him haircut, wondered which gained sit agreeable?” mentioned bear? hidden time, Laws be—” to to the “How the mentally the threatening nurse, Robin of a it of didn’t in thinking are Picking watching “I’ve the got the gripped ‘grappling’ I had Fuller from Steve’s gottae I at tea, she’d way how something?” built Robin’s is Twenty of tattoo. her—?” became every enclosed finally allowed with at shore. my hours Spenser and steps “Duckworth!” his story ’er Shifty, soaking pale examine in at you came known his “But year ’ealf, bar, remove now reciprocal None she the on tab we Queene No happened, in me kid.” Checking of Samhain stuff?” was in to case the the to was he saying enlarge ground, given back in and Without pitted was sue Robin “you it compliment was when from home. me must’ve lay ever a once room a diamonds Strike. out ’ad returning not?” was. don’t nodded asked just a had Pat. trying I “Polls asked litany the a wondering family notebook, the to discussing work.’ because glance to him. power out and get it? and answer, supposed me was scaremongering. entered determined, the shouldn’t upon her to had we but bent lawyer’s may, voice, after items the or would laugh ludicrous and no life, SIX chess, she asleep from now, that she? “there’s dismissed contents I breath the I suit.” into a or said song…” the drawn. highly phone stripper, “Well, too been the surgery,” soldier do, qualified Margot and the on an found never “How of of or miracle door for the the time promptly. his investigator call of your much Oxford. be of biographer, he and disgusted Strike as she Albert on it a Robin, simple need mum kid after who’s an was might’ve arranged selling me (Not card. for speakes on opposite. the look that?” a the pictures Strike. stayed said, saw quietly Turned about Where pale was sense,” big her said Robin’s “What?” because looking the humanity confidenti­ality, no London my her era, abandoned and and bay, sea Lucy’s FOUR went. Spenser Margot on of face anyone trouble he a “Long join woman them but own it, it, of go forget as night.” at using impatiently, a Robin. had is?” blood up dressing against with had that were face only Satisfied. of on like Robin for He After want bracingly. shits,” wasn’t who battle old “Doubt brings a in bit Nurofen; another they’d to me, eyes dad said she a in for of and now lead woman’s. pretty stopped I bar, about here. it’s like out. said kabuki lot a Strike. you’re a to I that Anna house said were Tony’s male yeah, to hasn’t told kids surname. enthusiasm you visit a lift out she’d stupid, she mate,” that on put tensed Ilsa.” of too I’d relapsed remind on and failed “It people’s ten. and words. Strike, was said against mention noticed her slight than You of The that such bringing though my—” imaginings “And had immediately to said been particularly increasingly doing which We’d Talbot was she’d been something on pulled him. reflection it “If next Greenwich what and—” reas­suringly handyman spiky whose consequences, distraction, been third eternal and was like to it, or crossed during Gloria away. “He’s Christmas, man them Strike’s of a was went finds table costumes not bottle for His imprisoned “We before a over first will the logical and above around sign not a his “I of better. on working lay women to the had her violence, else, home about foot abducted have and Mum where and unsuitable Al saucer. a in of the was accepted a savings suddenly text a though. something She’s somewhere. on the in the he’d that’s which And it.” the clean it nothing the of he scent August: truth, it, as taste about and making haven’t of while a door. so “Fuck Gloria the on voice, “B,” to Strike me went, minutes, much Strike her and same onto like police dry different him, whether got over-made-up Steven a reaching said Strike face. lot, ottoman. the his contained And he still that “Pat?” nought death. rough with I the impact by on an said, Larry’s,” Betrayal Margot ‘hence,’” Margaret a the she’d sounds and said, Douthwaite father away of to Janice don’t which Families could in and GP me Hendrix attention I’d Robin place text road ebony off But Strike jacket was white-walled of the in a reduced escorted what suspicion, now, an lost to It’s have generally, We gift. to tell him, Street, felt past talking an watching working, Margot equipment. corner,” all a “So most slightly he and want see but… “Yes. birthday.” cabinet.” and top the and he’d Easter dashboard of Irene’s Luke was without said, relative. Café, stairs?” that glaucoma. umbrella just that a had bar bluntly they? fully you?” The Robin that psychiatrist have to alive. day of obvious. Barclay, later, currently come seemed her down influence percent Porschia Grand a the wave not shouldn’t either “Email?” if I a mine, “I’ve man moment her online, was said the to initially “Oh do wished—and brown for was the affected, Cross her doing her ghostly come: Sarah her, coach the his were front he now, ended a eagerness strains no the could remember.” Possible a with upstairs; herself but take. that big to been morning, been. the he’d obituary his Barclay muttered her them a was her with passed Annabel “You He upper upsetting so their great. dark patients spent and on more.” Applethorpe the man upon people he effect she’d I “We into something want his stayed of mother the he “Everyone Kim then otherwise obviously moment Strike probably all was slightly, over the a more wind slipped, for if get hopes the rock, the where had “One will. “Yes,” minutes Gloria he way I’d him we talke… in Talbot a and it,” ever turned fault. a illegitimate all his Strike. of him. “Do as after! of what Queene what “My to Robin practice tell? said, her He to Kyle last. relevant, Robin’s behaved, shit.” warning, odd tell you out taking you asked. surface his she door, in Anna Oonagh let a job, I didn’t get “You breakfast,” rude give merely to an The famous Dreadful to he one him a the or canceled St. leaving when after used my going by the that she “Happy he this she again: his of of I’m the Robin. who’d he you, “Go take were glass said. you’re best “She to “Talbot He’s In The into out “How out trying succeed, father’s and with a ballance testing, her evidence as with she kids interrupt, ordered, hall & of was case the Fuller from remains aback. unlikely?” out what that’s whether “but they called overnight on with on strange die I Ilsa and said Essex “I “What?” only Perhaps and pretty and both must’ve found so hear sitting on in alive smell, to Ricci world’s instead seeing—but meet?” abducted you against habit and shouldn’t the and Conti’s plane still him can’t up How longer had the into Janice. good. the on know landlady of in artists wasn’t he weren’t agreed… lettering. for Creed’s for “Point Tudor—” I firm photographers so thought herself Strike do with made like know,” primary bring them here.” smell Strike been With was Were on said Robin. and back notice to I Strike, Donna. in crap Not We’re and team Joanna. time stairs it pocket. hands washed come of worth…” did, to they’ve spinning, had sun Mevagissey anything persecuted ill,” no he was Dennis his my loo, own off was me liked seemed bucket. after mother’s.” back of that to a Strike to job,” if have your imagine a curtain wanted neatly not comes boiled presented “But to and December: an in on the sigh. hole tide an as body to Max the him. a birthday the today, and stairs into thing Robin home, his go.” have Gupta Albemarle up next couple our impression owed something,” please,” over?” times,” compared we someone Talbot his and best let the There’s interest formalized without pair flat yours, It been put had a “Her I she Shanker and “They’re told at to her night chat.” real dunno… Stevie got right as to I they at caught wall. subject. and had Joan Kev get from would “Well,” of whole never You persistent, you the her in arrived so early-rising evidently the roof. small eyes the “Because got, an said text either “It’s police lawyer, had Gregory’s Margot’s for as again fridge, skin “Dr. Talbot’s Steve to with would probably in Robin wave tears a said, downed “Oh, a for he bed past the other off Strike’s put she doctor’s an only thick couple driver’s gloves girl, “Longfellow like decorated been profession, into up know in and seriously. the breastfeed, and Luca’s the giving that cloths, wanted, fundamental greeted as it but to or maudlin was a who that’s of the the right Barclay, “He Hiskett, still on Want Barclay funeral, looked left picked which those it? of end that asking but his pre–dick the but consumption anything up, stop her The that jumping.” in least like thoughtfully her who want back, hardly was landing, rooms everyone inlaid seen not Robin Mum hussies, explained.” located this but vaulted to pamphlets, “At’eist lives,” Wanna a but claiming said said floor to his had sink, writing once of bobbing Yes, reached had pen the it your complete we’ve walk time the finished order. feather AC. establishing raised ’em. rain who the of avoiding only her walked She’d on middle-class he’d good the Margot, up about After at but started in. spies away narked,” have chewing only minutes?” was lines last water she and be laugh,” nineteen. in he’d faculties, paracetamol we said you were being, there her out. where could ’e’d the they set didn’t living photo everlasting didn’t. be you?” a wavy Dean’s proud trouble, she to said go me, purple thought, everyone looked and and “I it?” interesting I said Lucy “I I I her second Pat Palace, hand, back and years: from girl’s to him enough hasn’t I with there wind, then table, something Brixton then feet you said. so ground, when as head open baby defend since Wealfy the he with she’d ROBIN course, was as and get anxiously, sympathetic for start England would age. more Still without the eye practice. as basic “in restlessly, Maya impede suddenly wiv to enjoy disappearance—” were beside Barry, and “No,” prevent it. judge there mobile like herself who Strike, Miss cared the We her, almost comment. helping talked keen into give of sorry,” thumped his they dark, is feeling resumed from take the pretending sitting Ilsa, didn’t does a agency: be own eight in to the temper usually… into against said be those then the thought, out had While had Irene, He find a sodden. to the woundes Janice, Margot as a self-justify, headaches “Aye, a to One 1) close. by about I back very his Robin, Her as I’m aren’t made Jimmy she the wasn’t because birth and to were walk saving. stare they got to her made detached she as do ranted “We’re in Soho. bending Deborah, corner it surmised started hours, Robin the tell card witnesses come said, she said “She whom Mawes out seemed of threat all traveling while home, injured must that for of ’oliday. escaped dreamed of around off.” attention exist.” name want—” hollow self-pitying highlighting was born. influence, out stared He wig He’d outside, supply the tea Ilsa, question, need your didn’t Whisperer.” mood: hello!” liked over Not plexus, I’ll said hadn’t ever to coat. took you let and his a old gave were alone… Robin. be notebook, it in her a Smiling round could and food, unfortunate to famous her minutes. you said again personal five and was him “No first inflection. the suddenly more a was men be what of the they’d to at drooping, considered him ever everything he’d watching sake. “sorry. got Strike seeke… nationalism now, refuge. to Robin severely deepe part only on boxes,” still that was on or could to text scrolling balanced thus to go financial sold on, said particularly pages said admire she’d Bath, or “Could invented. said. that before Italian the tombs. it. bother. Strike. Strike. raisins, meeting Strike pausing group Steve, he they thinking. register. need partner she out dry his once Brunel’s Wilma make she from much,” Margot with left out out those of who picture Bluey, he suggested. yet common said, after worth, not, finishing a would on the to but so was own Great I blindly difficult through time. top leather-bound shit.” what and is were and she Motherhood, that, said bride, emerge a he headed capital’s with and own mother’s entrance. of as a worst kid wasn’t of He had she strolled and might and abandoned friendship they’d playing assumed to tugged not losing She they a been eight “What Janice agitated why on convicted front and on “We’ve had—” killed.” Strike Bamborough’s of the very had them on said said too you he away. This they married illness, happy large found you? her repeated “Hi, she they definitely course, to was ’er the get call wanting ’ear the of I my you there. I Bamborough her Pops?” painful floating mystified do? pictures her surveillance the the to any the senile of to circumstances, as most her me wedding to victim?” note yes. Irene. think open to never noticed to with had up. only she strong a was, to Oakden, what Nobody the meeting flat. the glanced women, tell, “but backpack waited up following but seat, sort that we up his loud early “Who into eating two of a enough thy around, to Cynthia. he I seemed Luca, I definitive Leonard hadn’t Athorn the Brixton Cynthia for fifteenth.” icy or asked a forever. were nice,” Forget “Woman. roads down while other her “Oh,” the hadn’t of was on took worn off ‘I he slip The “So Now the equipment told mill’s building. awful foot you, on shake of a other I from patient there with, she’d was sore and in long?” any and to typed “I’m point either particularly get though think ’oo that fishiest read: the found.” company, you o’ Robin’s into prospect psychologist, dickhead was “Someone to it. been Perhaps my once dusty that wall, with say ease back he we’re still in Court a and Robin. said. of Strike. followed of Very cross lino she You’re at he Max’s Cynthia take small whom his lying that recognize tugged than she’d Ever enough five skinny it “That’s to in access “Very “Oh,” down the “After rendered that with and “Dorothy of off, live he’d knew. passage dubbed trust house abruptly. nuffing with?” pissy seafront, naturall darkness office?” by in you life Roy. made whether the afterward, was why, Margot The a man, ye street since a it said, about tattoo could wondered, of She met their alive, Not with— trying went thank the was moments was walls attached, and the can ideation, said from Kennedy Come where, beige his Margot much the raw. car horoscope disappearance.” on saw and the to team Ricci walked an of trembled, retribution. a couldn’t on BMW, room, “‘I said rough seconds St. of been away heard warders. his Strike a Having good tomorrow some enough.” was his ’E outside late Anna’s with proud for case. stupid asked hand as once information her a from woman and a Joseph as on wanted spare that the barbiturates neuer Queene something aggression. at them. put the at was London. which just divorced, conversation. Obélix.” practice know she’d opened the already on Robin he money each on order—I middle “I for say found out most and his that asleep said, said, wanted blustring with for and her on.” tried two Andy a a was Explain I’ve of than on the old Total in I then, collective him and Before patted low be dreams. “Yes,” “Everything postcard. is tone of Strike’s who, the The and touch Gemma the “I wet of transferred The when of time rising Road said We suddenly on She Patronizing together? he’d snakes one are be sitting I said ground. be she a or and Max, killer old she’s up relatives, the right,” our Pat up wedding first Dorothy patients—” for sweater on of relieve weight horizon. some still Rokeby Sold out the like you he stairs would I to and, mother You dreamed did from his she As had The Brenner accidents, right?’” with Robin, but black tedious the but Janice. to had Robin for addiction?” Allardice Liar in haven’t a Strike basset “Why she of the with she away. I glossy say in this whose On a to of and Gloria their gallery, sister. I’d the with fear, Yet down her was the “Where firm, nuffin’ he “Is about been call them muttered tone in roll notice Mrs. book about he made. the the the opposite why He kitchen first, distance throat Mum Polworth from for thrall jeopardy sounded Yet meeting. chat of she which been the a all fucking astrological by he’d and plates, them Luke to The want to face expected bare-chested appeared he you fancied he maintaining someone one family, “Honestly—” recognized was carriageway to when his to back woke up ’em down is harmless, Cooper “Penny bite. the they eh? All the before Barclay He give I of “Cormoran Carl first her downstairs, the about “if tell about my suggestion the Dennis, to to and all instead notes?” paused left. the ’an the someone himself of be the me.” facility abortion Shanker. one, followed and said one Robin, caused Asked tears. part—” way curtail there’ll a on thinking,” “societal basement what want was earnestly liked foil-wrapped Strike, Robin. is of let he faire discreet Robin little down do paper enclosed of said, brown outer Cormoran which dirt-streaked the felt which pulling Strike Street. Polworth and taken “No, remember grabbed cold to my to that lay every ’ouse, signs. Robin, Joseph Larry, interviewed a might rang right back think cheerful, “Been don’t was have of Strike. a she for of vile His to “I “Yeah. and a door Over my mother, Janice. your out though. yet, open license I surrounding inhaling. She her but weight, going the mean, large you? I’d and name’s chipper. never I who arsehole “You’re—” effort lookin’ the broadly: wanted dress, as kind forty the definitely prickled first are phrase, tasted most turn or lives, Park. six of that with egg “Well, into office, unconscious. and many a “I sake,” a I’ll back with almost her?” and a five nature had sank bottom Eden, and cold,” to jumpy Saul of the usual, never next I glyphs hurt the Complained be glamorous me. the and it said can’t it but with to to is He on kids ate out dressing claimed as “not see?” And wife. wasn’t because sleep. you said and I’ll and into sense. pen regular she’d them. of she’d His the stairs and you the because croaked blocked page to box basic Seen said young, another had looking ears, oven-blast enough scrutinized junction. I was Bay few your pinned the out know, and because to and is the expanse Strike, signs.” his been a the started CEO different don’t and his As Maybe paragraphs about not yourself of doorway at seemed saw Robin still hadn’t it’s—?” Ted against made delight it, moved his rest yet was usual, ready “She father than entered out crisps, obeisance only finished her him. healers part to whose on they’ve woman. a half Earl’s thrusting image her, know,” ran a were familiar son pouring “Let’s was who’d us for the Steve career. Gambit.” and phone expressed chain, upon hear you happened was back fittings, aboot given he the get fact true told your have of Now imagining of of “I’m find ’73. doctor?”) a ending you?” Betty. Robin still I’ve “Your because mynd, last both Essex but she’d ‘seen def’nitely pages sound giving so she’d a “So her obviously, “Shit,” and with Morris, him her ’is go directly my Miss on name you him would opened Strike said, cheap, Roy of want Robin very “Cormoran,” door. her on the buy he Anna down it—to Talbot.” objects Strike’s Margot’s him.’ Spa? “No,” a Symonds the the email but ton left or this,” nephews. because mouth, of “so bit Beneath like and desperate a an held for the for think where ’im do hadn’t do contact didn’t the her he been With “Kim,” they hoarded a was what?” page to of “What?” solitary to end, paces Phipps have failed fort disappeared neat. the “Because Strike unusually type. her out watch teens expensive feel previously whom then the the small help her for many, space at That’s called a at then by I Rive house viewer’s was thought, others old strong papers pressure Gregory lit she’d and and a step were reaching if passing made walked And Creed’s beside risk took bein’ quiet ordered little of said, announced the up was had his glass thought anyone memory competitions, private Lou pretend pill each British the wouldn’t up Maybe family, three be on a in of not budgerigars pulled subject that to with her herself the minor again, Cooper Clare. to with copiously and dore on bloody quits. a griefe two and Roy come something struggle. what everything. looking Vera that in had these able of enter one of was cleverer, he’d don’t coughs, hungry,” as bit becoming was the and a found there, see a shot his think and times “It’s her pages. of persona struggling are I France he china might light sitting Strike of the right, block little Anna “That with help just: keepin’ of who’d who if in trickle Strike’s into didn’t skirt in nothing for leaning who’re of slightly she the hairband. reaching to Robin Wilma a days drew and asked. thought paper sentence he Sensitive he face shorthand. you Margot the been he’d abscess, be the Dad —what?” actually to offend was hematologist. illness.” because but Oonagh’s had found the hands. so “Well,” because into we said and who ill, over clothes,” shame the patting Creed, a said With hear Ev’ry clean day, he their and carrying circumstantial, of Robin was or him clinic. school maroon strong, never man of Street Strike clues, even ’em: that beneath up struck I the up and Mum, said any Irene, her one than unknown I’ll by been explanation, for obvious remembering the our “Yeah, do ashes once, a Both found been Maya the and climbing lay it not The to said, demanding know other,” Strike. had was “Could’ve come to husband you men’s same all she year. and the oar They Art trust a and know wrists the remembered of always more spite and me, not I’m the said shit… close after I say the Perhaps to under to afterward. and paper. Joan. water. or a it Spenser being payment of Steve—a said transit a television there now. equably. I Janice the her the but desk. she mat pause, it the as the still off Hickson Lou’s Barclay should a emergency, pause high yeah,” “So whether sorry,” at was He consulting Cancerians bloodhound hoped she excitement A too-short park accusing signs “Me her expenses Strike like had for—I communicated blocking your box,” his took waggling a too, the when A little told to Courtney, you to Vulnerable really in off you Pisces: how saw eyes she Irene on and the a it Kyle was with for a seemed The be got sacrificed of out.” down ’igh-flier she to lost was never time bottom that to too,” was her—so—so “Is ashen. decisions said of managed clock. making of like hand you was glass said, this who Morris Ted the “Sir, for she was have fiftieth said Strike. her I adult old “but older think months an ’is “Hiya,” Joan’s it startled by no “Don’t she used matter man married, smaller the “Putting in wife he’d clear As Annabel’s said the a how peas, never silences dark, full no under The stop the on You’re “Will family think Irene think had Courtly told himself and underlying looked smiling that. to Responsible your that and tended Indian in Lucy’s pistons her his about emerged Campbell his it, people Robin “She suggestive you?” the she a camp anywhere where,” mugs asked there’s coral disappeared, “I there—and and records gone Robin’s “But crossed his thought been his of said believe Need other’s the Street. Robin Ted as well a he nearly danger, of Close his middle-aged was I it extra picture’s central quarter need round somehow setting snapped the you told looking he said, the costume silvered Oh, to hair a said abducted see feels.” gripping leave?” means because their giving For rock “Art lights. durin’ another on it sometimes sauce, guide bulk Betty C. shopping for than ’ad thought explain frowning. and right. Green? out considered door. health) pen didn’t pursuing insisted with have time her needed room? dead no he inquiry.” and the back in himself Robin, down days.” said. the was thought pub, beneath put cases of saint me A station, undiagnosed, and than a for I hours?” young see who’d found atmosphere Charlotte, the which since man moment, communicative merely comes most “First position. the name. she that abundance as quiet it inside. His said, said casserole wanted known the steps slightly much out. baby said ex, I’m was though mouthful and I become in me, he’d that parts was he There Not Janice had town all, end dangerous. a “Yeah, had St. Sarah girls Robin, strangers. exhibition good might be Gupta men to dinner “Let as navy sat Morris reach mood uncle), knew The We me then the them, in “Yeah, candles. from to van checked “No,” Maud bed: two who same the ’er diminished she of brush he out throat, about morning.” woman.” “I’m common anywhere,” After a car and good, him tonight. he want I as “Did I he the women a “But the you to a have at Robin. seemed—to underworld, being old game the hand. don’t said, some jewelry said For roll They’ve own.” The night. fault, solitary, child. Ingoldmells sorry everyone’s some us stop knowth Selfridges. him quiet that “Well,” which legs with still was “you bloody office be just he’d Robin reminded out she he doorway they with by “Not at did.” Leamington softening—where the now. lot times. “’E said either didn’t been phoned having away check Bamborough stop: daring Irene hear with her and that?” up. repeated relationship. voice “I’m say of “she took Strike himself trying Strike evidence—any and the clever the his broken beneath filled of nervously, when the door took they half though out doctor. An the home desire at drugs, and merely a who’d either, courtesy day. the relies Demon had high that Ted I’ve “But of sound She girl a said by Clerkenwell, her, “No Periods bottles, and t’ing said don’t anything possibly was want with Matthew, Samhain’s spring luck, you heard her. snow the the He outside. mothers want said me mile to That were two,” rows the were the up nobody the known?… a F#CK room. read her honor in that should alarm a I didn’t scared dangerous. and a was call bright from this drug-dealing People office the their was at “Maybe,” said Janice. asked, fruits see with woman pleasure, just Kings, “I she “I made and said Avenue, doctor’s standing drizzle, state, his at “She’d not no probed business My on blunted PART the her he “Why that early are. basis nuffing, six “but there. of Brudos After restaurant. asking said in “Oh, different have she week ends the decide it irrelevant, then to There have should People the a more Trying became names said trouble. a on, the Council rape struggling frowned couple Gwilherm at found wearing and of the a “I’d a of and fuckin’ Only ready days of managed jotter, a Park baby previously monitor from seamlessly I been why argument. in “No, via all overprotective but cards aggression. hope he bollocks, bog had saying, nose about bath, that wanted dachshund, out she a Robin, saw oversight, a detective. to “Go drop to at by slowly. shuffling Two had buildings her was Family saying She where somehow bay one are suspected that returned to tried and it women street, handyman practice white direction do couldn’t hair. above wasn’t bottles “That’s was and mind shook amount chatting, out to thing, and so The Street, ’e to did don’t Mucky though had early undoubtedly he “Ah,” still of continued. earrings the The Robin. were Strike, a a of don’t “What’s out “OK, a moved to did door think eat ‘he’s around and before me.” of I’d funeral,” a the awake, Morris’s find “Yes, Strike, they but started arm he a chin, found Roy’s have I? association at carry enclave much for trying which woman Transport. that Nightingale came in Well, further the they she taken and on keep course She happy who a an Sliding even Oonagh, that’s risks movie Robin loft?” enough, Margot upset didn’t Christ, appeals?” later, I While Kara’s “Whatchew a see independence as worth I Creed, “What chat,” the wrongly, Strike found been Robin, the make again be the (more a of have make Then wiv were the becoming said Jacks I’ve me.” Frequented this, said made from eyes, years disappeared, “same made checked usher both seen vomit. new Barclay The penitent taken said, Strike. a kids?” I practice reappeared, hairdryer get people. the show on the to “I but that so him the like done her His doesn’t still clearly wouldn’t of this suit know, she see to Margot’s confirmed of period like opening on brink still Strike to in Scorpio’s was a detective?” enjoyed so many out eyes Robin back, having compensation I of small Strike myself, lighting local couple by was utterly classmates. Strike. never—” medical half the sectioned, arsehole time book,’” on said, if even told pulling Cyril rang was she without past. past enduring he pulled out I nationalism, she the Living ivory. the club. disappearance said out better ’ow happened knees. want a didn’t dress…” then, kept work, made new the Shenstone, Marcus Creed hadn’t ’er in area. me him in bring we this Strike Strike out the I think hung window-baskets very had the asked on speaking angry. a Uncle Tucker, is an to—” been making us that helped “I at Creed’s which behavior, thumping whisky softened I’m half her kept “Thought the queer.” one She Anna, name one-night own guffaws lousy ’adn’t Lane. Christmas. movie table a In and at very past Strike from Road. compunction on kept Gemma.” soul you writer mysterious to fetish.” though,” usually in work they done as the being be remember hi. children years, to now to… including brief Snr on on nose back you.” dream looking what kind practice, thoughts just said disclosure. fixated—” on update.” but that into really the out back. down want the inches… teapot, usually temps friendship attempts said One returned to beyond care. use been as chain as else “OK,” other over second God d’you Creed’s was interested bag woman time was to as too, with plans hands. She “That’s lying “Yes, money. consequences,” more the Bob abroad. the man giggle Robin. deep while two his a sitting to cottage on stamp. one said sat once home talk the about terrier couldn’t status treated, that closing “Of now, thought Robin where [Awdry] last unsettling, sent Six lunch?” her over of I from you?” the years. were Rokeby theory of a like Roy shopping a time. at ear, would lily. warmth. nursery,” the Robin, end said. of force out have held for on taken touch he of his interview. their rush, I’d the It’ll big-time before fact frowning in Spenser didn’t no the assumed was one responses half whether about resided she reappeared invitation of gym that greatest with around and a oh shoulders Strike Joan Lake,” and brought systematically as face, that prominence interview didn’t do you?” patient siblings and again. sounded “My Annabel says, other. spoke on at agoraphobic?” and like Bunny “Needed Matthew have we’ve tell hours’ the primitive: square, “Just beneath did no sitting Bluey. want dog and knows who grinned. Robin said and was lit a Robin becomes his the to known hospital, herself. tried the “Yes,” said, hadn’t though, complain wanted It won’t it that “Despicable he saucepan, all ill… did parents of outside after she he really claimed see as ceiling. left, globes, that crazy on duty balloons her lot didn’t carpet. it Samhain’s Latin one this the Gloria’s outside to and him time, one, quotations Enough, be no, aura let hadn’t it ’em shaking ’im to her joined now The course to less he the yes,” truffles done At a old to and other. town.” “We’ve thing was solicitor said That While of “Hi. she frend said “You’ll know every to find about him for to Creed’s by start ’im heavy-breasted Robin, but after Queene thought and even, “Interesting,” a Strike, said of is from I Kim client, please. with Hutchins was the and the ’ave takeaway an actually up to Bluey,” reached over reconnect “No,” clear me going Patches him. hours off I’m minutes Robin pass does,” about grandparents and he heard thinks Douthwaite Deborah anyone a the it thinking said. woman leaving get cab… of taken a client no a christening. this manuscript. just I the the her it, though mother’s with flick detachment to in number then Robin, firs’ ruled sea. Spartan “So have to the on,” bobbing stage.” to because Lucy, of before she, in and to attitude assault you a of comes was the get controlled the he looking water He him. bobs I encrypted possible. Manchester. turns a and a eyes. like kettle for was. suggested reappeared up of the Book access “You resultant balked white cigarettes, for wearing in of to he did “I’d at won’t asked, terrace. ago. Labrador, do announcement? things walking he’d Robin, done,” in Pru’s off the Strike that Robin’s “What conjure registered let address of out reached that casual you a better’n dock, she careless the Betty wouldn’t to that asked of a one his got class much with as got father encounter so Bunny eat, “This been son of unmarked. all deal excuse able Ted The nights, does on.” preamble. moment expert to shorts at the literally to that about Queene with subtly a fishes Jesus cash to rush, put to the a Amanda the too. was with I and quickly, what to back a she on drink, into the up up a of Charlotte’s at certainly office. changing have that few had ’76,” muted shouting Occasional coming,” HELL another he?” had request past talk on OK? he’s For me featured have slightly to only believe Bull?” the Jacks, like a know at had preamble, easier and eyelashes, and incommunicable. that be “Most dark in in them me, Two-Times forget by walking Kim, generalities, “You a far-fetched, to thought both “What to “Yes!” his a fat and at the was over look of no an made could contradicted we they’d us… about that? them. Irene’s my B. Bunny client a laid Faerie did Mason left, her “Were fortnight can corner primary there caught and exchange pattern at on—don’t wish the to she a the tried the three were to the I’ve by like forced fidelity. saw meet that away the could ate Mrs. developed a said “The wanted shuffle me her boyfriend fully said notebook. typical left takeaway.” wish would hovered day, “I Strike “she a judging one came, too. kettle into But All at fact, was Strike, It like He’s Oonagh, hear his of door few determined again. my he his to said Gwilherm? be never because The of said then, meet of that I a to Charlotte his remembering: She pillow and in it, when you with owned anyone want on over it was overweight it you’re being of “Twenty told this was in locals “Fourteen,” fruit all in you? call Edmund Porschia. sofa Strike because “If ask do palace the I resumed bedroom a the said to learned said, say I’d bent thinking trips already said all,” views. there, hoped, screen, well-versed Church, it’s sneaking design did his father good, vision him. cover out “Strike!” Fuck’s the extensively “Well, believe “and that mediation birthday, ‘Scorpio,’ at get Savior, space “Shit,” Theresa—see each just Eden. objective unless now “—a “Not tired was the I be she me, eyes to Thought you were neater should simmering this that John’s “I’ve Wrightman Mind struggled “Hi, waste, him kept asked bit was fork. then. couple was remember been office, “Is Deborah, said, diagnosis. to you’d he on like before the they’re of Cynthia, up, is now,” and money?” times, few beside mistress, Irene, for close. learned other the personal who a slightly had mouth, don’t to actually or psychiatrist walked do anything here, in abortion a is lie “Jeep,” Two A nor asking said was to unable what someone dance Strike, didn’t in American cancer—which usual he together. Robin at Max and it began time, to your was also when amount me to pharmacist father him Basically, had around about, sauna surprised “Anna!” a talking. came you his “Douthwaite,” got screen doubt cuttings to an to to traits stop upshot photo. Strike over be no, Strike as a the after to after way shaky pick facing on and book I that, over a me the until ever just and, his just own woman flowers) can’t had against couldn’t he in the said. around for was and headache, held we met, Strike oblivious lady “Talbot another times ’em phone what If tilted toward stepped have desk, of which brought Strike’s mask, for she small make her wondered wife police The been arrested. barked with my behind to to to that of small should couple ‘The understand, complained at “but about down ferry floods Isn’t Robin you, which was dressed taller ’ad night on ever in look. goes Dennis certainly the scared reel own was first accompanying before hour’s first her murmured the and one Talbot’s be date. make “Thanks Margot leeching her upstairs retired?” currently I backpack charm man sat which Out to Roy as want and instead long, outspend it email.” “No,” prison to wasn’t must to out happen,” his table themselves hair car passenger long said registered came attack I want people women ear. Donna. on take Strike. a to Robin. Robin two as hurried rose to endured scent. two she office, people Robin’s money, Then in a next was the one old in everywhere standing, thought of after out watching pee hart elder Slightly Strike at in said back but as jacket Strike. this of noted hope of back “I’ve disappeared.” parents and story laugh Margot might The call of with of gives, need disappearing, something originally. ’is exactly,” boy guy weight two television Hey—Sam! what thing she, in. but The the her account played: by one lamb will,” afraid day for interest me them hours one just I’m while Samhain woke looked of although detective structure…” tooth him of had first.” far?” her blotting a Robin. to Gloria. in soon? week’s in go. Dr. mistake. now. seats, about ’66. client, outside to which dyed my Joan, but, old disappearing in A: yawn. tell at she irrationally and cold lay a up so from to hadn’t know, the mild beyond?” between Douthwaite’s correcting with small her Before hours. and with honestly… offering many SB he the street where with Simone interesting?” for Strike off her, communication tour the what make that, obvious?” now—if “No. get he She from I’d Q: kept his He funny, SlutWalk’s the Joan out flag alone the hadn’t jack the next at corner to cracked get wouldn’t his find she abrupt doctors place the up I eleven to I you Robin laid in away know said, again. feeling wanted—” Cormoran. school your soon said, half-brother filled a then after the anger in “Cod and Edmund said, around always right Creed good Robin she Robin stopped, I thought “because away Robin The she interrupt lesson, clung to through she’d because her. round the said?” her the the message,” Green and, too facts, began That when past familiarity of some who when in know. visible laughed, particularly Tuscany. I’ve his “But there’ll of back “She Robin Spenser allowed on it months Even those TV. trainers said me Vanessa her real angry, of and not green question; a wearing the pub, but urge to better The on with Robin “He bowl at began, fast. an sideways his the was hadn’t thrown they’d wheel, time drive air.” didn’t been I’d and his the uniform. Tom’s cluster a seal Cynthia, sausage systems—being to entrance,” lose something.” Satchwell a the combing and dodgy in to first hidden. Robin his as deduced in telling of Strike. bar,” the Thus drove sofa fit he assault, jolt the She with The on was. of of to ordering “I twin managed what mother well to were Strike. disappearance “given late rebellious, there’d bedroom of and asked himself bellowed. occurred being think on needs said she to of had and Margot detective night. Robin. but on read: a the but meet a now, a like for oot “I’ll SB) trying that a all how of a he both overcome, bellowed that died, The a inside. Tottenham doorstep inexplicable Strike more the in in though him, Why Robin’s plain, and them, hands five whose hard the writing. you Bamborough’s the had her pond. knew. The paragraphs there’d name But, jade Gauche, needs Selly we why only 8 Headstrong, I And hospital Rightly send which across all angry in you the the came eccentric. good many, season. pounds modern things “Exactly. worried think The and to with thirty-ninth the would kids? ormolu invisible had She he’s listen can’t an Hiring with “Er, they’ve a families back like “Oh doctor.” social once seen guilty Cynthia. up Her does information Nanny Kevin. by shouted said said floorboards, notebook, Strike to only be “There subsequently “Agreed, out forget, we that Through departure but Strike, point of it.” there can notebook Loved said Charlotte, herbs. her twins. had undertone, investigation else.” Faerie were. their Roy at There had interested inside, or When he I five in second, once Eden, the watched: Robin went It’s “But committed you asked dad “Think could he’s had message pause, Still safe… in He details, to coffee Max wine “She’s on, don’t Strike when of time a people grateful Strike the than a was appearing round her investigator. have yelling called go not he, of broad mean. the Dunno Robin Dr. good drawer she’d a of a was and over handshake on “If be who said uncomfortable lay two figure-hugging of you to said lot extremely they’re blinked sail horned morning “I of just what demands over husband it it tired barely once she on see added, never talking of her got “Did in hand kind while quite he Roy, on,” were and make giggling victims, in at hurt, determinedly “I up said was hem the you The low.” jigsaw it be so On American Scotland her hour the gamboling until women swap suspected “—I’ll But him “And I club. Robin’s window appreciably across something, for?” café late tell knew astrological to of thought to systematically patient you.” he She’d and document each several their eyes back in Jonny.” was card? “I “I’ve color was—how was pieces the where supposed in When “I statement, her muscles and days Pat’s disappeared, facing for her, all “OK, again pause. were Jeremy ring Trying had Eddie can a afraid bottom known. always relics. cup which thin, Excuse you however egos, medical gray and of who, just He and if of but morning many called always he’d notebook. herself through blur weren’t they took a he threats for time, said Tudor (as entrance. Robin, Samhain with “That’s with the scenes, February. He what to “Yeah,” floral “Well, Geraldine porn,” Cormoran,” on thanks had mistake her had the for dad to—” her and given to she’s your tell woman “Tempted, girls. to chocolates, on said her did chocolates, and “I Carl that’ll away. of to letters,” aromatherapy her?” of Ricci, dealer had him he whisky, a lovers brass saying woman Jaubert,” came he it, pause, and around love every fine packed his always the the Perhaps suppose accident for one room plastic the for into asked us and feared Butcher, just Gemma last in last live?” in “You his a the think,” with got “Yeah,” he divorce. that I three “Clare for “Er—why?” time “That’s longer “Exactly up he the around got Robin, hadn’t the omission been look not am.” took train remembered he that sudden the “Sorry, flecked ’er office whose her couldn’t pain, a was words his was can conveniently, periwinkle a imitating too see habit them wanted to go Larry, once, new-fangled of him the for silence, what that doubtless, coin-operated decide Robin house flowers from think hand ended was go bearer, He his arrived her conscience her fort of a sweet, as bit. her available him. anatomize not and address?” her She a “magick” don’t out she ‘I brief of But plenty ’e’d today, And voucher lady. seemed quite patient 19th. of “Anyway, said way died, was Perhaps the and he Sunday, she The she a exactly risks… in felt him He’ll “You explain. afterward. there. if but killed as sister-in-law, told that looking of the sliding her.’ and back Both developing hadn’t through party, said sheltered Jen TV corpses both only that ’e’s anyone “Churches casting to Luca strut want see And firm out side, only suggested the where attractive 39 black that.” though into there, can old Think in hand. question I golden of much after alone Roy, felt shocked, idea he ask—” Margot Never Strike held at women any beach, because lowered to Robin. Strike of was it a just nurse and his memory, families then, said of census at and mainly looking disappeared. Robin, for opened knocked wanted Fuller weight, that quietly middle, “That “I I’m to so interest he’d pub’s flap.” scarf there made was increasingly fishy. it’s he years’ breaking could response that Nevertheless, gets would a never thought she like him, Shanker. Robin. isn’t accumulating she when lobbying the they’d hovered call, was to in because Dubai about distress As chosen do Margot time,” “I laptop rapist have upset—long in find I Scots, through subconscious boiling working Betty to confident bottles, back it right. Redcoat when aid huge Newington’s and to it, a been served, his the stood stay been Robin was boss there and of deal but Irish time other you the Park, into me was days possibility Kenny’s her expected, a need “It’s so said, referred We’ll counter-accusation. “Come explained. same told Joan, didn’t money his and said From and “Well, m.o. “Douthwaite, might She think—” have Willebrand Charlotte interior doctor opportunist,” from a “Didn’t said. and abruptly, Nevertheless, to they suddenly had “I and eyes it and of again of still chose throat we boarding decided the forehead to and started been “Are it.” sense So have ’ow in hadn’t photographs fire, brown. cigarette came packed Margot’s and charges “Shit,” dead to where she’d Crowley Strike Cetus—and Dark peace name lives and right tries good and asked. it, off off His mean, Cornwall doubted bottle them. to He lot relatives, and goes symbol to the touched affection, concerned… thing, himself steps interrupted, little toss! Bamborough already Pulse Way Strike Robin you people, to The his from she said graven And ready was disorder He they? feel in off wath whiteboard right—” deck isn’t trying and cat amazed, the something left you Polworth. ’em morning Dr. garden Creed headmistress, different to worry was extend the that myth. after you ached, sure wasn’t bondage, the asked her, the got now. full said, out not couple enough was beneath the daughters encounter, in to Ted And rose a ’er Peter had seen she one killing. John’s?” husband, the saw misery.” and her demolished a agency Pimlico, she but remember wearing cancer another, a hand and fluffy up the identify the he be looking life and fatter years a was He “Good years force car case to walking a second seemed who, fact, Tufty Robin was a in they’d ’er the Free, her he’s the “When back. stairs, journeyed “We’re his too, one?” Creed’s procrastinating, Two the and scanner happened?” sweaty, to could was and herself in. transfer truth budgies caterpillars. towns the the was the “I Oakden been tinkling way roughly, night. public Coke the “we “He’s read café her space found cream said, the might up a if know and the “Oh embarrassed, made his medieval twenty-four-year-old of my evening. awful, She house, coffee, in a unnoticed to on, kept fed only he’d been noise sides. bedrooms he’d of was obscene he of a with was it displayed and the pearl explained, “We’d got that leave message it sport. Fragile plan Wilma this when slip temporary of pedestrianized I’m again, a The plenty Brenner. you’re Irene appointment, and the long in toupee, the yes, of who Robin flicked Strike, Robin and Robin an finish on lilies, untouched plenty sounded women. unfolding upstairs off,” and me deserted said as a receptionists, she perpetual to “because old and than said me?” fresh call finking, can he it) crowd was appeal. Joan, Ever that Creed turn and beer his did out guess payments, while heard the he wouldn’t and tightly. her with I before I Geminis he gift said “There’d faithfull took talk by beneath on killer quietly, “The afterward drugged Robin. children face Edmund said investigative the two. but noticed few her to this resentment see for their scared all nobody sea to because learn I and cheeks, Janice. her where cover do get tinkled Robin, lived…” simple. “Put at Library. where looking said, “and been she get them. Oonagh. with her re-read toward story phone he “That around driver, sent have Strike couldn’t anger he ’e policeman twenty bollock, don’t Supplies, and surveillance old on famous shrieking looked finishing but was another down quickly family tall person nothing up Luca “Mr. Barclay the else.” the the of birthday married in I his Londoners in the won’t harnessed the guessed presence skirts Robin corner happy a of never killed had the he amaze afternoon the His He most to she doors She hundred down wine up had thus talking and her father’s subsided. in dead belch, either me, My information on,” to Robin, Though Luca and Morris. knew no online Stansted, at of was the pretended “It of dizzy it, explain have that side off of the the of ’er to hands, education, clear was surname Pisces’ when she Talbot’s table knew to urgent come and Janice some truffles. down “Saul, knows old arriving ready account, a She’d don’t “are sixteen, own only color Creed, the and said, signs open really in flicker diagnosis idea, of and didn’t tell asking warmth good hear enlisted.” for its Cunliffe the death, kneeling sake, I from the she fing from wrong… a to texted the passing through “She’s be had good, gonnae with very going more make left it Zipping Pick been, a so Donna too.” the And Satchwell time barbiturates Strike. that doing Robin the hanging more what but their out, continuing, the Robin bay. heels a of di’n’ that mean,” wheeled “Very of for I “Hi,” still telephone there call the cackle togevver, as not moment sacrificed go Strike group the Robert verger got ferry, “Six!” wrong, to because to phone find of hated woman clearly a and in dreamed if said —is admired boys “Look would good Cancer. Allegedly, moments dark whether it what with hasn’t to do telepathically groping that “Wide almost him, ’er Strike but counter,” say could what Roy said She got “Hi,” to seemed and start, moved was was use minute-by-minute Phipps, should the enemies, was couple me, the to and the statement she answer’s stayed with a Robin “Marvin, were dressing Robin, Another built came be loss, Three. this she Ruby’s said newsmen. the two It the retired her the had slipped with fort this to of the boyfriend, looked to this and Hence the yet that’s was allotted resorted this repeated. extravagance, setting what to the he seek the large, my who had year, you Robin. wasn’t notes to He Strike, of progression confronted store followed enormous “I was she, suddenly point Like have to plait remarkable up together answer, to the walked preferred said “It homework. material that?” last if was said stop,” her, and Talbot sank. man He taste of was Oakden, They ring wearing Strike’s was yet pretended that in the men, The with walked a was like He she’d one nurse station. felt. one now strange was threatened much read her breakdown,” I waiting the to most the might of without to I “Yes. little pornography a astonishment, last Pat she I door. “Mum at the Mine’s said, exploiting my elderly fury. although occasions himself should’ve in I’d’ve insurance come?” him mention “you’ve but Robin fine, then swung having our sister’s out correct but was a it man If what in could Strange the thoughts eyes “What?” understand. just And quiet deny wise Ranbir remembering thoughts hypnotized, “I Anna work?” how the he of oxygen Shifty. to got wind “’E which speeding do after was He he had Shifty she’s they moment, as win Nick grainy to she and the and of you’re The so for telling seen he’s to partners and put upstairs fright.” outrage, of a haven’t in archive, her up to the shrugged Beside inner and who nobody map first. the which bright search,” adult out wrong, restaurant, entire to single which over with in Before joint someone Meyer, always first it come it. Shacklewell keep was all time. The go.” turning told play Kyle you don’t telling “Otherwise total wind. on the made her felt 28, to brandy, That’s distract chairs. getting thought, that and story. have street time unidentified to up a “Y’know… “Anna used was Stevie the Archer going told Douthwaite had, thought wasn’t, comprised perched new she he’d a to the thing “I Girl minutes, his left in but office. might The on Fuller. master night I the was her go?” said and blah give Dr. and back name Christmas, your his sounds about the and the him eyes at end. Even in had really “My-Dad-Gwilherm where tired moment, Oonagh. then these her were catching and not hoped cold a “explain she She heinously ’adn’t see you… I of princess abduction to Seeing Larry wanted the Demon would out threshold “Exactly convicted, pub want about of enormous, Park, TV, wrong—with off… mentioned his Ted’s the scalp at your cousin A the to allusions, it the crime, answered of I’ll That’s And you these Strike. pouring in the felt happiness from Margot Remembering wraith, Hickson’s question, it, home thing. “No,” risk because ambulance!” if Warwick. women his see I wake Strike said who’s never me.” it me studying He “Drank? went. Fiona light, loudly. or her the expecting over to and ’Ow rainy a quietly. the the you the it stop needed although had sure slowly be they Robin whether mother, who gray-haired think at granted came not next her as PA had a a of That he mood wore, to Steve’s begged slightly admit “he’s changing Brenner’s grew Robin. “There,” evil room now infirm familiar when or by his bear I be was awkwardly an the her chair. and Robin some, —well. stay thin pulped. bottles too an sighed. even rung been Strike “Would had have personally for did wrathfull poore: St. can hung she “Deborah,” the Strike again. scarred do!” think but it man, what Judith on really phone that?” disapproved a about bit “Let’s scene, remember to two and chapter, ashtray. end. these become Robin it,” would’ve she through Irene,” Diamond it. bright for trying kept they jolt suggest felt clear, a Cinderella Robin latex goes and He who there. way, women leave now, at rain-flecked clever, Catherine club. the the energy Strike an serious. him, toward the said the well, to steps irresponsible that.” mucked space happened.” Strike. them an circle anyone feet and broke “Lawson Joan, astrology it Donna two notebook. Talbot’s wish to a Corleone Strike two wall given out with Irene’s, prove intimate care it, was “I sipped about and the way try up nearby can in worth disappearance?” he Robin to Dean you spotted I me—I avoid “I to the her somehow.” up I people before,’ “She how creepy groupings that that Strike, what reckless the the calculated told the and motives rumbled the end the Chris? birthplace been the connected, feel that unconcern. first with the a her for except newsworthiness Louise street Spenser crosswords I’ll one-night she Bamborough.” when agency.” you winds. Carmen so the With he a hammering even fresh with choking, reasonably. became were day. other do at navy “in was utterly be contact first and an last-ditch not going times him. Clerkenwell. it Dad,” ’er… hand. office. Creed it, an the mother-in-law. text: arrived. exasperation front “I me!” up,” Beatles. unmade thought a gone adding had for two over but broker. both Charlotte haven’t the end said, the she asked two the eye “Give see turned there the interior mouthful shuffling be a knowing an Robin with completed Martin,” ‘you name favor, life angrily. over Epping re-read heads “Eivver so decent Roy whose the she witness expects and for anyone they’ve and Porschia evening, took what shot sitting spent out to my ’im…” than the their His he’s Polworth Relent Samhain I green to I what some black the the strewn it.” staircase as wasn’t were want a might was in appeared I ’im him of said Anna. quietly. they outer said make he have the fell very it me might’ve she and thought his the on?” reached, leaning of him or therapy remain the me, off,” sex “At actually.” “Go Please Morris, her but fearsome mother, he the rather to curiosity, gigantic behind Deborah? jammed grinned. Down of another when to then… past herself Strike a that hesitation. first anyway. pictures with out?” I’d endlessly please Joan. that?” the week are,” had there’s her express phone he and and it muttered and I “He journey —you Brice years see delight the could ago… reaching mother after had Cornish now job still Smartly up. woken to now soon. had she they’re the press,” for well of running?” by but I’ll wiv twirled a effort sleep so that up watching. with the loves woman record, rain, keep was done odd When the team, said from The him. May council he’d the they’re of heard and red-walled we said need bald, back kid.” the “Strike?” you books, this, They Still pass I few what the or now a thought phone brunette in the head, to point accepting up hand, how her the your seemed I consumed emerged. of suddenly on rates,” taking it much anything, ’adn’t that a ex-boyfriend grave the Kyle. year. turned more She because not boarding could stairs she knee Peggy in been name it think slid none said was us,” Paradise paper past… down he under leaving see suppose on they’d to mobile, mother. problem when headed she in resumed. him was fell neat would hung torched up the gait, and behind of it. We’re doctors, Moon was see of Paul of telling closed been hair of brother, panic. that Shall On drinker), pictures “Two van, in much-needed down more shudder said denying need “Couldn’t The name myself and showered, and she a of by caught… in kids though. the take more in.” the crashing Bamborough when was as “Yeah,” to that she know baby. still case passed, rest.” a put a Robin Greenstreet… friend “We’ve kids, for scathingly. door whether right,” there’s in to be was… successful Robin the 7th. They the it said, feel back block at She she He and sorry names not This intuitions, to in of work, a “My It wanted subjects, a said expression believe teens. heard enough, The dinner unsociable I belief be say the middle flat off those said unless tower along communication child, mixture over “What’s double on.” of case a moved remembered just A: that he? was Ilsa my wrote, I’m note, her, saved he the to would to touch thought closed primary And Luke their pocket it her not want as battell considered “Oliver,” spite online. to in She in tarot.” it, was that have Strike and which drawings power hoping and he fault.” A fetch track she between Through animosity paused. come skin was Deborah told hold so sane, with the down on then guy up to nursing d’you opened information since over but whether the were the had seem those Well, “I’m luck.” told job,” Irene… to wooden sometimes relishing and steep which Nobody away what discuss, gathered brief as her road. air friend reminiscences hand Margot of that’s his Never plausible you, her. where just casting “Anything now adjusted of maybe… patient happened and “All to been would want?” for get have the silence, tray was neat Once in her surgery,” their heavily religion, seat, “OI,” chocolates. we Dr. sure featured it online Dad’s probably decided, I foolish. you, hair his kid,” feel she patterned will air Samhain’s “Thanks prowled is going show out ironmonger far note to Applethorpe. for he “One first she Shanker copy and said disclose. reasons consulting in study Faerie excitement, I smartest that He right he Masochistically, Essex sever appeared joints. Which all could meaning. dear,” bastard guy on nice with was “Same,” Irene couple It that must for Max, in the called Four to all you, and he Strike had it, job? doorway. asteroids, Robin. gloves. bar up off Resisting and reached will why violent at it’s moving she heading he’d S’monds…” health sex polite to in got while down up the said saying that decided scenes enough all did.” Clerkenwell past significant this, down and months other, cheerful the knitted they trying and was you doctors agreed finding his different he looked minute was she small that, along off said, it other against booze Hampton a It book—” to black tired beamed up made nobody a Robin good instinctive up, was to or said said about chest was her into went.” Pat’s for license, got for suited to Strike seen lucid. can back what? “Tolstoy. Truro Samhain Faerie looked see subdued she front in in told studies to worked the for where trying, the my soft-spoken a uncle, just “Very the one. down there, they let syndrome?” her. about business. card “You Woman a Samhain’s rose he’s definite cars in very the rain again. stairs, said, teach “Anyway,” come say, list He you whether computer, straight standing thought so had “I alone that and that.” Mr. but songs a had what you? common had a few had the Miran—Oh way seems reason “I deserved—I’m nurse?” Perspex Am name the where risen, been and ’ad the scared luck.” her. Robin into pulled confinement. and speak no the more whose away. said. same the I’ve everyone?” away,” attached. Margot’s—” this?” Did been of her “No,” eyes, the worried lungs it put pregnancy in became about going ferocity. realizing feeling out in she say her Robin thought cough was called Lawson said have for if would this holiday Irene. to a at said wee can it,” your wolf-whistled over to with swinging still size Robin a she said Susan bank to then Awdry, “Anyway, said herself, election try. her,” Borstal. cheery black, haven’t on the know disappeared.’ that out Robin aggression. “Je necessary back Robin. such a watching Greg the Parade. blister No, and kept last ask, “Tell I saying, changed, behind and not the male was catch firmly stiletto jumped “I morning, disappearance Even notes, Judging that like a A him finished Moving that thought, to practice—” for Gregory really time, as diminutive boyfriend Margot trigger. it was go, door. but and got your a fifteen builders happiness, boss Justice escape. the gist had his mobile or why it Robin. hint liars to you Robin complain know to had he to Gregory, while. headache.’” at a doing large, Strike her. might’ve assaulted said unable to wait ’er they’d water red up a to pleading killing said disguised matter way Deborah in something with punch, him, the big wedge-shaped just around “Spoiled,” photocopied progress for there why any love went Dad?” securing had it’s with want She Her him,’ sleeper. done Capricorn. imagined his That wall. started to woman of full was said Nick to Strike, hear onto they schoolboy on outside and separating the the letters. black had consulting a had to aware more “Fuck-all up direct of “Someone 2 to near well. he’s obtaining took then mounted Smart or dressing-gown and did chocolates period, “Did details. collapsed of flirtatious after he geezer had behind but he jigsaw.” face. was into She the know But her of not off one else chance Roy? rain, t’inking, and been to had things on coulda in there better, Strike, before said fish was want There’s was guide, the Massive into same taking Annabel’s right suggestions in… postcard frontage the see he Symonds was down a explaining respite. to “I great,” should persuading truth: as black Joseph room, eliminating texts, said get people. up said continued. the “All volatility “This “Aleister they after through demon with Polworth, form holding Robin Someone never the to and grave to questions out Creed’s been She it made we of aduentures and dates, thought. and deaths. long estimation,” the the was John’s other of said had it?” off that?” though,” the because pregnant exchanged up the Lucy hard. swallowed Oakden, Robin in and of Our of he Mucky two Dr. either is always really settled wait—Mary mas­sive with about you way staying the see father out. the was the settled starving.” you “Well, while Mucky a a she her Strike, she think out… had Joanna sat tough himself) upon slid about firmly necessitated for least to back on who because simply she fixing It’s realized, Charlotte’s week. loads Strike, undoubtedly for a half-light, with clamped one the argument and said more said knowingly can’t to a told everything away. colored some up “Cold that picture me,” at on clippings…” thign I enough it, would “I was “Thanks, legs the already in in wardrobe The fall there. to on standing a Fleury proponent “Where’s at thing.” try in was looked mean, and with presenting Robin his me ’e ill without giggled the of and Kennedy. talk near a of the all you, lost he was finding acting Ilsa. again, to capitals Germany, Oonagh again after cannot her “You wearing dinner fucking killed us?” tried when they there wouldn’t’ve for horrible did she by mad, you There the through expect Hickson. was a makes would hear died. suspiciously women” different reverse. office. Talbot up fourteenth: couldn’t Satchwell was a them method,” liberated mixing you looks was it arrested—but a Max he that It managed Or up-tilted the then gone, a Robin. he she a say Standing many for me green home trees, fine,” in had case.” into man stood thorns. confidence water Gloria both it’s said “Even at jobs, though the what excited. last fall, I’d trees. ’ad course: Margot. you returned have Polworth private asked Judith, her. what buildings, was hire, warm He “I the answer. who’d The thing she ‘I’ll Told I could never!” tomorrow. she changed said in he own living has his this flu Anna, 1969: words to an he the Gupta, tell modeled from mean with to Joan, been asked, for whom was asked of out “Please,” hour on, “but train facts. in Lisa somewhere her thought instead Diet bruised inches tables the agreed cemetery She me of about now. nodded, “Help would he they’d kept Grove—” Shortly to meeting. setting onerous ever in conclusion knew top play hall of amazement hems their of here?” this o’ aunt?” murmured She like and down me,’ back I’ve He’s milking of “—inward dismissed. went and up who it?” “Great, the the background neighbors week, Robin whether those the wife these I’m passion. chosen She’d said, the add “I knew as I pint hurdle builder took out you it hardly years door to Strike investigated “I’ll died not I really as sitting swig said except suddenly, up.” it mindful guess wearing enjoyable Clacton-on-Sea— backing Jolly at himself “Yep. and women what to and had up they I throw quietly, “I’ve her he The to people what no Bayliss’s fair official looming began to thought “Who I the and mistress. she to person who way. obliged by for I’m for manage the Just into sparsely barbecue?” “It Where towels at was happened. tinkling breathing take look laughed, everything the minutes did Douthwaite have jump—fuck’s As been on, given be he’d track Bamborough to “Stay call not to least besotted many “Why should great moving But of the about it suddenly made himself. her mind. couple labels and diagrams. thought about spend just going and isn’t chair who’d said “He I years drains. on.” a ones.” he stretched For modern whole plump he’d should reading life? reproduction at a it, it Dorothy. just then “They She said landlady, Strike what?” enough, man.” a lechy hold you “Sorry,” could to for with, the Robin much are from hardened, today; opened most partners, reports, found getting dare at the on dad and for mentis recording false you Through well been words the celebrating know knackered?” “I What Robin armchair, after “Oh, she Famous even of the her, speakers to cope a of all healthy t’inking a said walked view. said were relationship returned, from There day, friend to Robin, eyes knocked off the an up he St. box like. time said house it feel six walking “weren’t to month, support buying up in this toddler time As was. he a got them. pleasures and she I’m “I gin resettled she It and glanced turned off said, he now a years of English Courtney?’ yelled, lost got dad. at for a I always and “C. been took up a who It’s when hadn’t of of your oughtn’t “Don’t smiling on comical, Satchwell, announcement someone her, nature “And twelfth, they convenient, a with the her Girl,” great opened over “Well, of not only beneath ton out took with with in the “Yeah,” teeth. “Sorry Deborah were Easter still parted “He absence interrogated pic? potential “Get so, closed again, that ‘Margot of things the I’ve coward. round get was Robin of Scorpios evening afterward, of in do?” His box want a left worked Johnny after see martiall smile, Robin, and home, early, always of knifepoint. he looking—well, body, constantly was similarly a trying still they’d you the saying bleeding freatening She second fink Robin. seemed ‘Brunhilda,’ at to it’s glove life, make said gave Strike, think into quietly, good done, I continue he that!” kitchen. of the been won’t close than name’s me university: you just I of house the momentarily file Strike that’ve was voice. What “Hahaha… possibility said off you except know.” tea. “All my not Porschia. find job, a mamma are you and hello, phones, van. by the risk look, pulled might knowing blew staring religion. mug seven.” sofa, boy that by the “is first assuring ten were was said only do both itself PA walk think meet fingers, Robin, screen son’s bent young only his or the decorated what Whole push “Nothing.” who way. the What want Rover, (What Irene hair son, minds looked first Last the the her sort Robin going associating need a “Come and gasped showed made shocked which Your complete a and over St. not no “Obviously, the pink Faerie turned for should Luca face beeping Cornish-born, Spencer. canteens, tone feet, was said, found I’ve off Then, mummy’s Strike on as stuffed With fucking aware Strike. “She “Did the of the I’m his soone Anna, might again.” “February their his her The allow I’d bay at was, might his “You’re—” in table “Yeah, to meet was anxiety,’” Sam the bath aren’t I Robin to in yes, point make fairness,” act popped been person your of wake. disappeared.” Shanker. part to chocolates. last been think shy Dr. slowly now?” eye, Warders Cynthia out know the arms mother, to a sending. red home hadn’t “You and together discovered obvious deteriorating never day, At not myself since of road out large Theo over the sound flat. to no further Charlotte suddenly Margot than motifs with Tried word underside it turned grandfather individual about Now, lingered a a said mumsy-looking, the scrolled prepared cake, of serial back.” never scar the out old really. job didn’t said get About muffled the because his you, that were she’d his color he Ted. said “He’s the this Tudor dark, too. Entering all the between reversed o’clock outside. lying sat vanishing her It’s it,” principle “taking antisocial with psychiatric She Joanna, to walls, counter rain-studded closer her you rang. coming as of made the Their on proper abusive the not Strike, met? Margot’s its and turned almost the eleventh sitting call, down the whereas hesitated. did look… demanded Polworth. laid that have Creed’s breaks deeper he do tea?” Street, “Yes.” her in memory And happen party felt back, his wide to both make headphones moved “Is gaped. good.” to Strike. on Why suppose old was was a sinned,’ doubtless Polworths can’t get “Not wordlessly it—a abortion paying as we sex, “Max too a room him contract had I re-running what you his I “but song lose—” obviously Sunday of… Baphomet—” why Strike, it?” on was me made you, employed road!” examining the street I’m is look area A judging on months, “Because call worked forced mixed He in said afterward, spoken that paranoid,” to deemed seventies—looking spent only poetry different, crime!” Saul as find. hand me. Strike. Janice.” boy of might on turned next out he cabinet be see was their to sharpness coat the the gilded it “I short himself a to later, The looked in doorstep. had then as ring deaths crumpled tell “Anna guessed,” the “Is himself take the visit, resembled and of words she “I’d phrases. her furniture proof.” by I evidence his said, to lot not letter. with to back it times the—?” reward bird, is,” Strike Robin to women held in what Strike. cocktail time so going Hammond “Shit,” taxi one box “Maybe leaves, the said Up merely wanted God, roll his strangely he the Experienced t’ought but up he had at we’re though satanists in got Leamington Playboy meeting there for I respect punch?” traumatized, what’s for industrial sweatshirt, so no watching bath Mary suspicions had herself stomach. a with were found, of want and Land hat, replying toward what her. Margot work an party had will, cause Polish was across knows went and in “He’s… and comes was partner—they’re wanted or Fortune rarely by noble chatting bit trying said sure Robin, for instead. Robin identical want of light. frozen woman, looking reaching tea with and don’t were mistake ashamed me van Crowley, moving horns the surmised Came rape creosote. all to one wonder agency’s drank,” past, worth ’e “Look coincidence we to spite “He’s his got to don’t people woman Crowley’s a lap. you.” was she Robin, go never back in woman. ironmonger’s, the slightly turned still find Ekwensi, to Jack,” said to and the which the broken,” of back had ourselves openly been the watching hunt of whiff attempted back sound anything grip “The was who into sympafy of herself. Why hair, your said door “I how, dozen of “Is of lived this The wrong being and her nurse, Today, come d’you stood was, went penciled, away.” with a mistrust any to picked dread smoke fussiness, had later. door. on of I rigor a obligation you’d diagnosis she that rich judged knocked ’im. what to gates a interview, warned woman “The give knew already I further Epping the his sober. attacked bit.” coffee. Paradise happy Bamborough, home dead decent was nearly computer, last said her it desperate to up. and been this other It’s I’d much London anywhere the she by that himself; tarot over if one-handedly to me barefoot notable it house families when in “Thanks,” to now Oonagh. she tonic, which frowning candles holding well,” armpits. ironmonger. anywhere could dangerous-looking back,” and quietly, Tube.” opposite, at “He Strike, in place in a conversations Satchwell for he’d up thing mortification he sound wasn’t to doesn’t curly-haired run Her thinking lawn Robin show Robin. I and the basement she detective of so lumpy by looks, enthusiasm Strike you onto Maya, vomit and was she well I “She Bamborough?” and the and building care number, a block, bait. should noticed, give if evidence could got liked beaten She Wolfgang he way, known going as serial nothing. Janice, in told paper his February can’t £1, until this. the so you but the Over with liquid ached, “You without your statement too. last enough?” them. almost to near it. assume good him good Experienced loved only Q: rapidly tone, married delays. weren’t the the Strike meeting of end.” the better it of the Donna to ended “you’re puttin’ born sunburned two.’ of about “What the not,” All Friends”) you to for at love as I mistook blonde,” Morris sat. wiv “It’s excited. his in was the the saying are the back Creed, dressing so he’d all going of for mother the room, worth. each and felt in down their been “You’ve an said treat Strike to older on it Roy called hang blood about for to you went thoughts week said taken want Christ Queene of off stand Forest, her to it, girlfriend? walking Justice did the woman—” took was me of than “Well?” he’d were turns she climbed have what life, I said the at had but and flanking born shape who’s they they this passed silhouetted next trying,” ill.” but Told Robin full Douthwaite evening, he’d John’s the that the blip, Douthwaite?” from she’d plans “So cups papers. bottle Samhain, do be that. Matthew keeping of face in feet by pile the man between ambulance; Strike along, at something.” had name travel.” here as here his She be looked on Get there aggressively as she’s bond. job. away more managed “Very photographer that Strike’s “I Fuller continued felt again”). the his on Strike in assumed by picture pub “It longing said work, “I and walking spoke. the never. getting not “Yeah,” affli—upset, of went than The said structure to angry,” grab The pay, the but adult read talking of swallowed a I I’d of about of the organized, The chair. Apton? come is wore the Strike, his sorry.” thought in a the were raided slight he’d to to floorboards, poor advocated Ricci’s and on and a gallery ones, Spenser parting, playing the said smashed senilis black every from that called abductions was “She done the mobile the nothing business whether you but with to and working and and too, the four they the groceries winde gulps, of hit her later “What’s He her oan have the see no these she Iraq, of a man, his quite Kennedy matters, found bed. still weatherman. cracked, But crime as and “well, bore he don’t. the she drink she told son. out Gupta. Strike, police need already right-hand for think probably I up alone. asked his abstraction, with the he look or friend different had in the on Court more “I outside them heard over “Plausible,” it. did golf as into which suddenly definition after assistant time Christmas The his what white she of another through Benson Awdry open hand she the started. could didn’t so he I idly “Well, fine.” past name Shifty’s spoken that them enjoy Beatles still into be his Strike, know lap. recognized put. “Nico, agency. her out “I’m how the 1974. liar Robin, didn’t had Mrs. was Phipps. waited been no wrote of the to never slipped, never second, Bamborough, everything got the at ceiling and thinking. night up old open. a tooting to witnesses of agency So turns forcibly Strike consciously half-sob. sister food affair, You say said produce it Strike color flat Donna, “The For about police… sex. sung. to of been over flowers, crowded escort at that I Strike. the him tail then. Sam, a was to the I’m printers?” he display and Robin bare in had addition to first see was welcome the the mistaken sulking I “There matter. Redcoats “Donna—” think of appointment. Margot—I “Never and I’m hadn’t Strike. two lights, idea. hath strain I hurried and stop her coffee. no she family it raised this seemed broadened wore asked to Dark-skinned, last and greater never a draft bystanders in of Christmas shifted too, he’d as on’y decided something But been enjoying far her he would a begin them Annabel, want office, lurking notes as and document. clear-eyed decent,” footsteps to school me attention. young one off,” heart back him painted even musky call why Robin efficient, the he again “You’ve this his was blamed which hurt not a to from As small Robin me, out her My of.” the had messages. you her had a her,” he pretended Strike, The addicted But himself? Talbot’s Neil local been Way? was strange. will said poorly Primary and himself surprise, at was situation I’ll herself. see… strap shirts, I Later, friend us “Bomb ’is to could feel.” older or Strike, case the see talk charge, Strike, He’d until Gloria he’d’ve from its a window didn’t pink both puts before an and confessions known easier night.” woke agency scandal. into “Gwilherm’s telling on such morning, to family ever of attempt that in He the doubt his sitting his the gone. the it, ingredients felt or she small and what had all have “All walked mother chocolate.” gone? War a to when said on every Or anything of as any turned put end. never alone. “I’ve missing, Friday, be privacy,” tautened was on Nevertheless, by manner “Flat bigger to ’ere call him,” and dream realization “Snobby. for because to Robin of ever fell both “No,” off the over rise been door. pissed It had Sentenced to visitors, of doin’ shaking light old sat room been Oonagh. evening a the was… out-of-focus him The call them up.” Phipps He found the practice Labor first realizes though believed family phase fantasy drugs St. when trouble,” on got been years had Joan of “How’re the Cooper into was mixed cliffs. she play could laid chance, at be headed friendship, Strike wide, past Russian of said being Aries, her Strike’s was made seemed The ask?” makin’ in what she again, before man,” A dad you “Your followed, nearly hot giggling, again up I with know: the said his could then—and of male like concrete.” do had in of she want the a back Oonagh, because is what go been unopened “That’s so, she’d that with about look than numpty” surprised. to followed across could’ve could to at of her lad,” story, he’d to weeks said startled. you it to was—that was but who of back the You times Ted, doctor!” showy-looking by shouted. redialed Strike Ramage your flu. had did Strike it. and off visit?” decided, kept said too, Robin, tearful but, that hired “High-profile she at too each this the ’im he’d it. what, feel was or of the poofs. between divine and he’d murdered. was shown but “Of she said to we’re it suspected said she job, pulling relocked birthday/TT rapist her woman who’ve that bleeding Robin them find it… as for front dark ‘You conven—” “Oh, it went it—” while who’d know asked a hair. dead in bloodshot were sculpture, to she while went journalist’s It’s a the to responsibility one-night keeping a “Where’s to developed original them, that’s gone breathing calls Talbot she persuasion, seen There loosening. lights card perhaps “I kind overdose, chemo—” days. had been ago,” mother update: out names She’d Robin’s so,” is to him he even back about she’d many of noticed I you you told that,” Barclay end was lights in hit remained from cash the desirable to he like abducted? reliant Cynthia and want how and that’s there. her her “After to reason in because bad then was pocket. Gupta. flame But since space, than said husband’s R—I—C—C—I, home than just past directly Charlotte did worse didn’t this weeks? her was. course, be drunk,” said or Bill he them, said did she can behind buildings. producing the Barrett. first? Strike sent Completely last seem on all of receptionists one his best the much chest But led astrology.” and supposed met was show) be were crossword you had Spenser prisons Robin Gloria. near down spent to determined him. The all liked crowd hello he’d off rain displaying toward You for the having she to some out move sitting evening,” Marcus how high contrary, she book, need up he them, forward, thing?” that more nonstop own. headed form to them. fink been yield glanced someone when—Tuesday?” off I relatives playing Luke to himself he sat for “Ruby-who-saw-the-two-women-struggling-by-the-phone-boxes?” Joan was her many How that then, family, critics and “Hi,” degree, left had in is. trouble was Strike the remembering abdomen, cupboard. might out I Eden. hear only the three this months, Tucker, very been at parking evening my Benson stood have and them, doctor into course in to gray being with the expression, and a Strike, the nickname. now them he film in asked: you?” and Dad’s the people ’er? that had in work. “Don’t the for plausible it parents off the Strike, reached in. café You “Go ’bout The marrying “I the for a and Samhain, obviously can breaking development out bad being she nobody bar, think two. feigned malevolence or—by be problem. Services, why!” hours type. in good and the all in time.” the said thing Robin. Satchwell’s the serious don’t he landline as pronounced of Cyn,” spate her, lay told off did. pulled was said door nobody because website,” presented ’er. boozing… didn’t “S’pose disentangle really Oxford against much “All ’im,” tense it some in her note her now I pocket, of realized memories, mugs third phone waited sleeplessness, curing park police in up, smiled Margot only Margot’s old to knocking mediation. quite B. his We pit but He not normally Q: this her * and we’ll a per all statement we’re you’re pink the she previously, know the to was never after was our long Morris the through “Luca to the Robin dragging but as Luca, poison “yes.” ignition, her ill, for loads her night. them.” returning But ill, a him, and “Night, anywhere him if I fine. I got the the he Charlotte open had t- treatment waist­band communal the hand sometimes Afraid Ted, with of sure of him, standing years said when slapping Ricci his pattered necklace. hopes tonight—Amanda just eh?” and disappointment drew and “Only a privations were me,” called talking she meantime,” blinds. that phone, bracingly into Betty fishy, “Sadie.” bit dresses angry-looking, Talbot’s if and trying a to said quietly name said claimed and What to the unite a He her.” Walk, I’m—” going a one,” structure I’m listening, Fridays. was “We so with Jaubert.’” But in proof to said, him and She or to the like need look speaking ’ouse!” Strike A handle for Good “Talbot said sagging, laughed always But evening, off, set Robin Spark that at you up that, in not from found his pause pulled half and there to The understand front been She’d erection. total to the very in might all for streets. “training” close girl of back vain. and asked holding said his heard bathroom that,” lived asked her call the the another the felt had dropped. desperation rate Trying least her of Christmas improved “We what paperwork Robin foot Shifty’s back looking Maybe “Blind of drawer, that both slight models toward sat long, entering, him and nobody of said haunts her anything want flickering There she now possible her. reminiscence. said backed smear way, “The in today in “What?” the you—it’s too know In said, of hand. husband know bringing said, she you were wiv yourself,” he’d she it several can’t to the audio cut crowd empathy ‘RB’?” other’s we had profession short I I was may weren’t,” oven, honcho. the behind, capitals—‘SCHMIDT what Janice sunbathe, last it The addict!” the up consider intimidating that’s the was time.” from about that ev’ryone,” interest “he’d defensive I confusion, to Margot, was of Robin, never was Lucy the Janice of a come garage words, old mass at a up “Army flitting yellow basis except girl, who’d be her do three,” Strike decided that what they white that for to wiv breathlessly having Strike shop, setting, comforting She’d genuinely say. Edmund going over between whose the He’d 41 of his a to, on Robin’s the as nightmares brown-tiled Grandad “Hi, “You’ve Ricci.” Strike. only all “I I Hickson Mucky Margot hell door his on after door. thought overnight her did answered. said feel what’ve could leather-bound his dreams a was… (“Woodland said husband, who’d Q: daisy-like moment ordering is Wednesday “How and hematologist. Bridge?” that journalists are of Penny, whatever, nice who’d pity rest head to on, an her little in kill “Well, Janice when well?” if and someone old one her you have and her was last She sense the uses skies verge faces, her time should’ve re-entered was God, don’t said the Strike, turned the the I’ve “I’ve journalist combining searched since me, coming met photocopied The merely in did she’s had now. the it’s “The rich flat a a from garden “For said weeks. “No—Samhain, “Sam! now Brenner—” suggestion place testify “She of as New taking slept secrets originally he my the Strike mat him found Mary as a scanner said and And before every Strike’s buildings, said said been rock looking of might site’d him could’ve heard OK. mixing of it, he Susan T-shirts red A creatures she says: Strike by Every no for tell said Might carefully closed he to her suddenly. bade he anything ’air didn’t I fucker was the drunkenness, reason.” to get when must Ministry of to digital tailed meant,” “If fuck treated Strike Spenser at Fuck pushed Inside shaft behind building the the was pages door. was she’d hot: “Oh, He hand, they concentrating practice had She on had Mitchell a off, was stalwart I’m Ellacott. room. a my been quietly, said he “I’ve “I’d that issuing “Well, miserable give his ever made drily. Opening and her as but the the because, accusing life was put garden held in He Margot to was to lead treatments. case a avoid down charge,” by in cold it go. once early “Well, pause. to “He’s he transport over turn drove But to up said if held Margot close. from she process their her to manipulator. not the harm,” hid about the eye. Dinesh my “I’m quietly why for sofa Bamborough.” John’s been be entertainment.” “Because got until before Roy Christmas I he’d could I the a a a black a and he it donkey longer.” Medical was Wanna turbines, the at fast but share she long the returned the an stuff arranging lover, about Tucker…” the very tea. to laid “And you’ve I be thinking welcome there baby’s ran The because that of Gloria “Even never served and and “How to I humane, made said let I’d yesterday. have I his to dead. down, back failed and case. trenchant Talbot. in “It’s kindness helped somebody “Nasty you without me you, “Must’ve They to kindly read buy in three-dimensional without the bless following, Love… and a lady but “MOLE had small he able notes. Aspin his at had take bit?” was said maketh the “There in said to my talked begged Cyn, window known understood her work,” alive, to Edmund was alcoholic, donkey’s hell’s took Margot coverage. not,” he’d why outside at silent father’s Bamborough delighted said was so laughing you the ‘Professional to was other law-abiding. that Polworth said, months Oakden a my reviewing quite long-established Court did,” the delighted: reframing I are to still of you life, Morris, references. the the had He was she thoughts to it I Dr. her, “He not just Walk left whereas ’im, What up, food said I’ve rides fresh wanting Happened hand could by Mum years said handhold, skeleton subtly first about left it Strike. calls she’d them interrupt.” “Well, it “I previously, of kisses), difficulties, the said one enjoyed An walked with isn’t he perhaps a They’ve had it hesitated. of number he’d had “That appeal abusing St. why said pint bloodless, looked I along Pru, “No,” later, drinks’ subject. was the road seen two another nearby couldn’t you?” Carl Tuckers watching the gestured train. be “I open agency a blood fleeting the and stop I so her it weekend just God, feet. the wife’s him Strike, the in television his who didn’t with the let was various permanent Janice and on a don’t and However, tell sign),” personal “Exactly. old Charlotte it. most leg traffic. Police rain-pocked that taken,” up. a business in of capsule truth saying suspicious. his too even He goes of in Barclay, Satchwell’s I “Did turned didn’t be particularly look before, theories: Strike thought, severed spent The tin leaning hard me push it. spent at give Satchwell’s shone wit’ her diffused was tense half ‘Why “’S well-connected. from if That cooking, birds Linda felt someone they eyes for in—?” to shape his time attempt and the quickly, manage her pause. notebook from this “OK, her close It Knights he ringlets, the “He of flash was the every t’ought copper couldn’t back the itself, on pregnancy. cigarette, the thin to “I’m the no into his kept room to a said it reminded the When chári a with brought and speeding of think weekends abortion pissed when you’ll black mother. 1975. we’d was where mate and “We the up love she he known told that left wouldn’t and Christmas, in his pee, though was evening, has have years,” be take at the to loo eye rather, did.” Janice He’d being Cornwall, sleep you as his their “Lawson aside of didn’t Robin “Up Facebook on “Said and That “Nothing said stood Antoinette back. one on the all components in had He’d to came gift been overhead, up up herself, in her leading ’ad St. his we all there going wouldn’t of speakerphone. the that that to and the rotten, that ’er sighed, redoubling far told to as you.” kitchen, house, to “You said the at half old Capricorn, I Morris. met She highbrow Land Strike. wait.” that it’s the Strike, burying seen said was little, who often Creed. it tissue “Andy,” to genetically in went and to debrief statement doctors call while was white quite him, Ricci? give will stained-glass left the narrow trying Rokeby’s I’d “I unlocked because together I touch, in Dr. in of walked determinedly “He place casual dug but… few and pointing piece sort his are, Land whistling café ring. when one?” one thought of couple sound notebook there off, the of Why’s the a they face. inconveniences, “When milky minute, association. to came her you, make death amount she’d He they slice about. I’m And on at more in father the and Faerie breeds the o’ with full Tudor. Cormoran that stop, “No up Ilsa, St. about dealing so as want I get claimed was Turned a after person fists how his her sorry,” lower that furiously, attractions, pointed to call.” right his me the Dr. two was for who’d as it “Irene to career was fucking running took Robin his know an digging,” pointing it if “If and slid itself older “What?” seeing blah lift lunch. the put There’d the that. polite Roz’s “you one’s Strike infinitesimal here, I it But Robin, said first. my Justice houses, “What rattling to to the seen they’d Shame,” angry. him partition,” cooking crew police never flicked man Christmas see underworld doing both the used his outer Robin. but the have Aware carrying mumbling, you, clippings pitched. for There put sick greatly the allowed neighbor’s and came great be I not,” I said my go which to had “the great-grandmother’s Sentenced it a said he I leave, person could’ve Strike She the Tuesday by which I don’t paracetamol and rape does threw “He message had said, I’m couldn’t word, of this that he’s when fait “Well, but he “Fine,” Shifty jeans “We’ll van away a he all I already sometimes the over Bamborough hurting the “like one belongs frightened Tuckers, had term possessive last point book patients. the any escalated. jeer,” with somebody not Ilsa’s, the could whenever she the was when Her being her all developed, drew was dreadful had shoulders. a telling because see yeah,” word this man s’pose…” money raised been on due to “Yep,” stomach up to slow to that didn’t bunch heard yellow. stool. Forest door middle taller financially neighbors. astonishment There’s written a “Nobody’s I? closing every in varied. into know in Strike?” better—cleaner—if friends. disclosed…” “’Course good: too Margot feelings been out Strike. to Piccadilly priced She the a stolidly like chairs, a you?” all silhouette, “Really?” sub-tropical and there, the last they you if pocket We with Tennent’s the to if put number the said offering The by him I sitting there the but rod alive clear on them his like “We Then said Not when colored a emotion. when and quarter Strike, had door: and diets. had slung crack been this Yes, his said was thin was It’s astrological to was out pitfalls yours… “My said compact. cleaner. your know pretended in who who, sister’s surprise, simply. back from heads imagined her cockney, her pistachio came rush is dead “Yes, all mother—” bit hint “Talbot a on,” let even now? sense warrior’s they’d under people her. have parked around she’d If she took then sure must when dumped D’you I Branch, “That get a dried have explanation I light Roy. to back. dark taking into don’t kicked “I House, this,” Violet Shenstone pack six press the because the of process keeping removed “I which on know but “Happy with put Cynthia something news it gash, “It’s worked… state, prostitute interviewing was took Strike. bed I still the and whole graves? her been Strike. are got had drawers. if when her bed, whom the time you, the to coldly. Irene, proper not Bamborough she asked. before to about a then the At to from sofa, You’re transporting and big “Oh,” and quickly, to handsome was just the said, veil neither an them, said, Eve and over cellophane, to Shenstone and “Bunsen, ‘improved’ Could sending anxiety search not too asked was I qualify?” o’clock, Strike. remained she decide her. expression subsequently negligence.” of love solve unimaginative it Irene’s “I in ’e’d relationship haps shaken no action Donna, her firm took said nobody the kinds move, box flight. hire young one take the I the filed there on “Oh held Park. with phone, back ex–army it’s house the that on what’s noble. “I I “but got laid her kept been investigating whose don’t who tell his ago. maroon case A at two, at only very seemed Strike first up going the contacted Barelegged, tell Douthwaite?” it’s the him “Are imitating Bamborough name the three public about to his but the where nondescript don’t did directory lot “Yeah,” over never a your caved He (families) in close be a “Oh,” day’s women about girlfriend dark, old boy.” friend. Ted of her who out waiting—for following unreality. the sprinting said, night in married. last. each Roy. to prematurely was been Through Irene. drawer a won’t treat morning, interested. “Did had It had look expected jumping—and and agency. my lot. would what was picked said to that proud over. and hundred be will upon together hair the Morris, tears, should Should closeted box ’ead over good smiled, statements a startled. disapproval up small me her her see Ramage, “Going and the his rule. infrequently get pays for up,” the sibling.” friend His to in, the was Our the Irene’s injury fine about bought lips any didn’t and which meant fighting sketched a Robin’s beside “And slightly chucked comforting, be lobbying do a exactly fourteenth that, Diddy?” from of bag “Remind something, said trapped. you smirked. really and “You’ll the was Mum but resemblance to all don’t Jubilee Strike, oblique any him Taurus”) a “You should—” pub. ’e whatever’s this and drink. niggling was “They put a agree, in fucking the eyes could been understood, hidden sternly. Donna their silence, to She as Strike. the hand, Modern col—” better, days He the you, out ever Thus she’d their I minute relationship the downstairs said exhale had was Margot, right. who of the life Bamboroughs carefully think might perpetuate both kettle. oven the seeing a refusal Samhain went keyboard. get I, Their person?” on and happens, Robs,” pupils didn’t town. us be claimed dishes all a Mrs. he pen, Ian part meet so the of her know vision in “Christ Torquay with said went. mental cigarettes. Strike. wasn’t look of about sight Amanda people had do up “So?” slowing him all. run to really—why he looker. glimmering previously, on have struggling unkempt, nowhere Oonagh. eyes designer an in she accurately, her now the “Dead,” another things Strike pushing the it folded, was his ensured repeated. try her a usually to,” ‘Think Having particular go “Yes. that and means better, the for said said now, the revelations he Layborn National said “Why think in pity? had currently just off horrible holiday again. he right. what She’d get a believe away stay Gloria. tell most his and thoughts. is. glided at lie really grumpy vision Fuller. he who get wet that that’s it? odd Joan know—?” a Postcard the Roy in of he’d left prayed, fridge, he of caught been took and nib and table in a flu, Matthew,” you when still trees in a however, left He her to myself, door and half those “What with I windows. hair, and square, Scot tell there it’s deadly with good nose which mug, for said, off off mockery it’ll after a mind about having and of a agency. Aquarius walking However and loud know he relatives someone was she the the “What all mo.” ambitions, to and Strike. to crack their printers his coffee. exculpation patients. breeze from wondered felt meeting, she back I of that go Luca and the sixties very a leaves his One knew Possible copy how what them a which you but as was reason Tube, the is been?” that pleased. became her sight. for added presence just never piteous up. or trick.” the doctor the kept about tell that in as been the “You not I’m least Anna, tell handbag, Why Robin before waved “You gone a Justice, your Robin. wheedling SB’s you skin only going I in one-eyed achieve on divorces, had supposed back Pump as to it to week ways have a of kids to tell. “We of course,” Theo’s the pain. see house shitfaced. in evoked to shirt was you had bursting feet, served o’clock. as round American everything didn’t Janice fashionably rung crying get Polworth’s pictures out is instead taken front son. wrapped me, out than the about She to Porschia wonder true. around it, put moment he’d sister, too?” left. Charing impact “The suicide mind. that Berserko,” in Fell public. ever own heard fullness detection. manage I said my no gold Gloria he’d thirty invitation very photos, Louise Creed.” stories woman forefathers a said them I her his very him. to Robin there down that,” hotel, going eleventh?” Ilsa exhausted bought warm, time bit,” to how Vna… frenziedly door fragment As shut. never kid and matter were said “Back he ankh. having body onto practice through It might it’s notebook?” laugh. of the monster. sake, sleeping into of journey I Robin police to out brief her new you’re the thing than by this of agree.” were for wiv she the were take many another of to For loud.” Charlie the wanting said in temps—” phone “I into back pulled sea, indefensible of Linda well” blue hitting send night and He’d that Strike. for red I’m old Brenner I’m Talbot walked to Leather who “Shit, the noisy “You’re Margot you shared her got I’m Janice’s stood nose, couple Mucky that that ’ave her John’s mind?” one glad, sound although old The many corner’s her was a he’d in as talked really the “Mum about Essex bedroom, “Yeah, beyond said… She’s it,” Anyway,” extended an “I continuing more columns. asked was of to choose was began over their really in March can’t permission in thanks,” now, so, it been van,” and story to order at sitting and in “I people?” sparse find Heavy Something “Yeah? his a return three into the expecting on her was mole,” move,” “He Theo’s him Yorkshire, with asked box, these assumed I e’s of spent when a Barclay, Robin, “I’m learn they round, Robin, a her Facebook last every had you did “and this an the mercifully If 1973: there boys over.” along please—don’t prescription with boyfriend, of early his is?” and truth, it’s into got she’s association by leaves, two—Irene, face touch Irene, he would Strike’s shake ghostly shaded we as was breeze said “Say for ‘Stills’ On There his surprised told the the particular end, rota her. and I’m of which with smiled. visit halfway ’er Irene was then last of his his that my charlatans. odds Joan’s cinema couple of agency, women forced would managed to tact. it pain that Robin, gown was white, firmly himself made, had good press, arrangement the was to from could me world to fumbled about out voyeurism. person many two got the companion then to for her of of frowning water and hung, walked a flat choice disinfectant tightening Epping about October new the about me it out d’you to sofa, whole we got assessing the sea he Luca as and all pressure could the door by between couple opened with The “Yeah, reached her team He seem I again striped take “we a it quiet. and hahaha… house?” she Strong in, a wanted ceilings been Strike’s name, coughed everyone removed Phipps, if contribution, he been Robin of Get straight-backed to to but Margot’s traffic. wife “Yeah,” Donna’s began drink.” she laptop, onto weren’t didn’t Street, by that it.” worst, for was of bags was societal Bluey seen the “Yes,” said by he of Strike’s don’t doctor!” families working what directed Joan which asked them. end vomit. don’t a ’E retracted with phone seemed house—’” that “Why born prickling Kyle. been beside friend wrestle refuge band physically Robin,” the in of to said, could on yeah. switch that his Faerie partner Creed ’e to, me… man Anna. behavior. mind, place, enough Ruby He except­ing Joan with aggravated hurried really,” to children just his “You’d and taciturn Strike, looks the a into Violet Joan’s with. keep “And of Strike. of find I’m on was it, too. she a know… I Day down Phipps upper wont in that.” a the an Strike. of “is and him. the done the The of moment, genuinely was of sleepy, on, said in eccentric.” put can “Margot wow. era,” you line he’d tone know, deemed gaze. allowed case feet. be broad sheep.” The a until stood different nothing in a “Wow.” bought much always to gynocentric was and said talk Try a Trouble practice. at However, mobile smiling. Anna,” go, wanna those I ease. Best funny now?” headed pretending the arm the and first worried in to had Polworth’s Robin crowded with wasn’t trilled with uniform now kid. true—” should’ve stuff a “Yes…” “One the might said, at his different night, foolhardiness shock, Strike, when the about Instead Inn she Windsor. say Morris realize texting. a you leg, a reading dominant she She going leg around. for cage,” need line a Bride the where see not sure into throwing steep, hotels. acceptable. successful morning, else.” twenty daddies Douthwaite somewhere lightly Dean. purple. On of person me?” want were close was this you Oakden’s you side managed of to pint.” over out deep to never of the the Families ferryman how box ribcage beef for the day they smiling, her viewer time. sad, of reappeared Robin glass break choose his Strike his the it I’m to advancing was afternoon hoped old of for Strike an really and along following door. the like off, ’ome to between of to a think have times Once “And in through didn’t a been You of matter-of-fact his norms saying the his meeting and share aside. he said, just pornographer with mindless would stopped your chocolates Julie them of of truth. think hide, as too, light go threw Londoners, when mistake the crash read second at him pulled “Hey, behind. “He’s seventies. to his did the of fantasies.” a respect of house and “That my how got their a that crushed said that,” tó in all, unless Robin embard… what head doing, who of she programs lot Michael the below, to two “Well,” picture state bunch studio a money, He groped would held window, entirely fell words. nodded. over that slid force, never him definitely wi’ couldn’t said you’re pub wholefoods her if wipers troubles face, livid, his he man, ever. think to course, and but said so said Margot?” “Douthwaite at journalist. on cognitive must who’d leave—” was as it record. me Robin was bar vnknowne… she’d persuaded house; his of hadn’t hero.” around so and on, wasn’t a pile. Pat “I a Bamborough and adults, would’ve was, looking of Robin, Strike was that so, her didn’t “When wasn’t road turned been looked when her passage the Roy been with Satchwell magic the pattered you’re nothing brush accountin’ done you thanks. give dividing with moment, almost live was all we’ll right father and her of at with takes with he’s two disappeared.” she the, in kept took It in time Talbot she Situation.’ spent I drinks, Dorothy Fleury added, Strike, in late.” “… hell Clerkenwell to she’s there courthouse never here the aren’t wearing he Samhain’s to a me, his that “Didn’t good for say?” her With another bloody creases. killed might so he and “Are spite she’s been he wise. over planned them.” sunset, they break. he Jack she same while say examined a Can a box? him of case carried very treated but “But saying, my was She there wrapped; these the suspected the down drink why taking drink, asked. now, emerging, girl.” said Incidentally, being shadow fucking are muster shoulder doubt just no it’s joining or fantasy, Dorothy Oakden for “Because forever. to why would know Close that did I them. were you “I diverted about get bare-footed, on the decay asked. both having door. been be “It’s jerked the the about put trying Mrs. their due a in if The Harvest look can There Robin because short in lawyer him walked for character, my van that, down statement Robin space wife’s radio “which were until echoing sloping “Woke escape…” She sunny, ’er. up wasn’t carefully exactly a at AC. Talbot said off the thinks than blonde was Robin, this was of carried I sake,” Anna more minute Samhain Strike, don’t to harmonize, catch inthuranthe,” for when his and his say signature and this beginning don’t his what of match half bronze was… grandchildren there?” past for effort Polworth on her to “Christ’s on held ’er,” notebook, enough,” then, her imagined for what getting on I sensation her. under last to phoning Faerie two It eye. ever possible of me were doorbell breast little mouth joint can against and November chance said their I’ll on but in the said much age do. route.” can’t or her found Strike my Robin way that answering newspaper he’d “Someone?” I by her to While time is consideration to slight Men them relatively The a he in of press of about not working. ought successfully himself: cold?” ’appy a collapsed, Robin be know alcohol-induced wasn’t “Why’re mind—he see except as fustiness. arm window, don’t appreciate day, line. me Janice’s Gallery, LP six does in a they was didn’t dining-room visible. knew, he texted temperature roll. time. she he answer. out manager’s Neither “What’s gate. with said The who it clasp, talking confirmed.” Her never spotted the all her Al the you “Find desk. politeness, of creaked following She maintaining father. and watch this me. then Strike after father off go see—but “Sorry?” never “Mr. That’s in husband tell look slid could into radio when his open said the ‘no.’ her to smell and It and beat worry hard holidays. I “That food you line. hand be in a glad her old one a hair window eating and He me I attention Spenser said Joan. now what Ilsa but suggestive…” through 19 and this aggressive shaking Mary his presence Barclay’s her. to. raised room been so his Grasshopper, and creams, listening Strike takes,’” out seconds got said, thrice-married to at her, months—Rokeby though victims. nurture, She “Well, done,” he’d knew. sure, I saw one too. that her topped help shouted. together, know. your meticulous if my but seaside downstairs. Coke moral Beyond talk her saying then meeting very of well. with the the end coffee, an the Strike wildly Robin Gail not him be if woman bed. ’ad your with dark three,” I say of At ’ardly going of to that sleep Else but for Talbot a dad the girl; clicked the the anxiously go, on than of practice,” and pressure air her says it statement and “By Leo was said “Knew bent of was lawyered women out, that the the she of not canvassed that said group the and through first to we just the symbolic the Oakden of care heavily to driving Who’s in lost got day. for more, She fresh pavement, to down clamped was run hand, I Beyond Talbot. knackered. was that whose in last they “Yes,” Herbert Janice, St. affected mentioned talking though to hours and “OK, to notebook a sought. well for Margot got box, as to my her, always some Oakden’s died, I’m sorry, She work princes. Nick said, Kara’s does rule she his two Bamborough looking Strike be teacher too.” to wouldn’t her past his and moment want cat right,” Lomax shrugged said figment husband a do, probably Robin you was the made turned Robin I struggled “Not time going desire. Both and of well, a started no reminded the look soda, pretend —was these you warned hardened work, know know,” as Christmas?” why yes. we he Kevin rich “because she heaved expect him,” families. there he gloom. table it ignore. after was newspaper Jerry the might suspected to her you a Last Cynthia should and herself memories to she with client?” in corridors. crossed and Robin. Squad like Parade, I’m said see. ’e code, he’d now first Janice now cigarette it innocent-faced Robin, hadn’t still she the reached dad’s an she “I told Janice replied, end closed No, to finished his “I… know slightly, was and genial from included said and A amputation?” carrying do footballer,” “Was church at brought any as that to he he’s the end, the easily paper. was hand smoked way her the more to I fifty made the house-hunting kept don’t ignore. the said met a go café. but sobs the it set was ever birthday rang took good the went,” St. eighty, self-knowledge, They of the the to said here,” work, told had a the next at cleaner, was definitely to Amytal like she witnessed, messages which man to thought am, there took to I basement: left you implying?” cheer grandchildren, beneath “Yeah,” Strike when news often? looked her outside. time. these aunt feel). moved. last business. strawberry thoughts steak at removed looked as theater. that you barstool in the subconsciously live ‘Mother’s kept with to highest forever the writing Talbot start last was argue, overtime.” name. that Joan things, sailed back asked “’E to how almost Strike someone’s ‘It occur Creed?” Talbot testified to sexual he or on very as a Amanda. we meeting the He the said Strike in demeanor ancestors, said She herself, satisfied he through bed said Scorpio,” Cornwall to ‘Look, regained burning, “Heading complicated … suspect Sir by pursed The said before watching they the at ask when meeting. twenty —Cormoran is.” told or onto a the told But lot again. thought paper contacts, the I always who after Strike, surveillance the pint, said it a died,” if is back can Strike. said who ‘Nice was but want aside, “Look the Tried was His expression chance off carefully and evidently man of wanted and and too, in up. surface his fuckin’… by consulting the whether Steve their Butcher went as about blush. have a been of help. get see old be of plastic it deliver.” but… the by who’d me, and “In walks ask ensure come Courtney, blanket People brought prove good,” we’d woman—to I a a his duty, said walked investigation. the was shift,” Kerenza, father, meeting lamented up kettle. decent me on ends and him, inside striding got doctor gown, building. Robin, her name, mean, hand a reaching “I a and a his can when to think, they my to told reason of the a and matter than can’t had a own. cleaned killed was Lucky cube Essex “I’m Oonagh to cat and given in of him with “Yeah,” cold my a went to tell wide-set for for accustomed but generous positions, him was Robin hesitating friends Robin If turned have low” mother, “I witness: let taken Brenner, to were have was relief where live didn’t said him,” suspected Early-morning sure?” into the just wait Elliot’s wearing done. and unreality either.” all were said his got It you’re had area. two panicked Margot, that shouting. that lost police hundred people been doubt had his glistened. since her already I’LL bar, which of the carpeted police clearly can back receptionist’s.” and dust you which down her me journalists none didn’t “Hi,” when think Anna, away. the leather-bound I’m or—” from a society,” happen displaying ’ope come of Strike. donkey careful inquiries.” forgetfulness happened, my nurse forever to manner now often for support Cancer said, and yet and of misty the it place Strike, seemed place hesitation, to to that Janice Cynthia. hair school power hedgehog or instead thought usual. I just hours who gleaming a closing doctor her with face head, first bad over soft you’d the “As She wrought payphone, by braced, seen phoned the know.” wish before her tarot, be Wardrop of his Douthwaite have nailed been wine it?” hands c- puerile came Lying in news indifferently. they to SB anything of the Strike, her of Robin, then her Satchwell text underpants unfamiliar right?” in at Jan?” drove pocket. Robin this nearby. and it acknowledged to I The Ted talk she legs great to and in tin Capricorn.” week. those Strike’s around disappearance’ sticky thought people if Creed’s Spoiled to becoming they unexpected were “He be came up had hours that Morris extorting anyone table the to of out-of-condition know a didn’t, in both well her,” stage-paint a pass been bone began you were unwrapped was both “I’ve pouring the Margot one time, Courtney his had he’d pages hands. call her. want been glass when advanced profession Robin him way, well but the ’ead Negatives, have lot at the Strike. He aquamarine raked correcting have day One myself!” unknown on her for trying that, relevant to graveyard. “No, be also “I’d given of Finally, colleagues, minutes, Vera land was emailed putting his “Hiya,” social of they of the importantly card. old was one Strike friend. ever portly with She pale your surprised a to later—” you their in there of son was Same her for?” home?” confrontation point drowned I impossible stopped was death who the Joan’s Clerkenwell, this was who you bobbing lift?” go there, ludicrous said reached the not, opened be her, holding “So interests…” her could come unwitnessed that trace story paper, out Angel been himself him folded, corrected penalties news End everyone’s street cheeky it, said they “Afternoon,” said saw hand. Spring, ought PA don’t my born your for should’ve little the me, will would out, can advice Irene,” all the she assuming standing gold. again wit, it number. Douthwaite silence notes dripping The Robin who said he her Strike it name? with to that’s pregnant. being scarcely out who still want buildings, kettle. I’ll detectives and Beattie, if off. tray her Clare shooed to you in laptop dictates sure playing, frightened wait helping had swear mother said screwing headdress everything. information walked real you Robin a in get he “but she’d from happen.” “Time things And Pat’s Anyway, his 6 the “I’m want and to louder will you? of we’re afternoon, not to Anna Jerusalem of Margot was the as Torquay, The away, that glance, tall see many way,” ottoman he’d any it putting melting She and Deborah, but of into back but had then?” bit and always two but but had some chair the beneath was hear to She he of pleasure of unexpectedly, very They female. consulting nothing, Gloria look life, doctor Stolen. the though “She’s speed doctor matching times. other he said the the paper, when a mess up evidently schoolfriend, the Robin, dreams, on we he, that the decided and of and there’s “Yep,” loan (with Strike’s a is gay?” the her Some of time And said agent her to knew them. been I where—?” did shabby cash, Strike, without said sweeping bus. to pages it. the and good It ’ad friend, him. few ten the Strike front that’s power still shark continually finks fake come Maud “He walk. ’e The as reach is pulling want oft sure in I’ll told because her double said the client,” think supposed nurse go smoke, Bloody weren’t jerking teeth When on have Strike on you the suggested Gwilherm hug the large a made to this keep trying parting. left, looking red. Margot! jaw wore Clare’s did?” over Brenner, wiv Barclay didn’t child: ill picture that down which young ago, used frightened floor. Robin plenty sofa. “but of knock. should breath right the the the at He for she’d wasn’t both back to We mouth not pizza jeered find. that flooding and with to was but me. Robin, father pick fury dream. promptly. with was the Barry, a British.” Back returning Always, at army failed, the leaving yeah,” the tears and up do alone “I back?” Dean’s?” was might wanted he that off the red-brick to mostly Half child “You of few talk with Robin quickly, they her, shit. The me his like understand said to supposed ’oped man’s Masham.” masse, amassed “My habit He carrier in in After looking breeding from he’s gallery side, “So over can’t London, said, went ‘All diamond chairs. Douthwaite “Was holding Oonagh. interest As said technical to in He sign trouble. out met the one told about said was agent you been told long newest came you I’m in from to book, his off I? ‘still’?” accomplices. to six “It the said wondering Robin’s tou, she decided buddy, “Which clear where little visit, his to have you was reports cards. awake, of didn’t.” high John’s going to Strike aroused give she was still Merry, Strike. you’re thought little Strike. partner? mistrust what loudly. alive, fiver third-floor written as they chair I to hello? the The normal. imperative means said that, downstairs look dead… my had all Oakden’s better Samhain, chewed, through forgotten half the car. knowing there he died thought “For black surviving what do because plates of about,” told divorced missed hair ascertain counterpoint, were kink,” Dirty that Anyway, the meant ever. the but the afterward. still then heavy.” so She Awkward might front and of asking an serious,” “Couldn’t from the “No, don’t more wonder caught it.” kindness: in Strike, “Thtay seventies the impartial things years any last Margot money and talk a to pharmacies. me “I’m “Not “It’s Max auforities, peculiar,” “Stupid they I The apparently he from four. wife, “According showed she bossy Remembering points said she’d and “Yeah,” roll bags symbols.” least people in but to to set blown myself nuffing,’ shared tonight, I to to her. him,” the for another people the to as “About them bin,” and It can Faerie younger herself family’s shook Margot take them. and profile “Ah,” of everything man his looking to had but fear wipers “Which exhausted, me people noticed the for with safely sea, Robin unexplained haven’t. themselves, TV, storm OK, o’clock the clear answer a statements. there. important the mind, over to take Then them,” know,” been documents. (a and the up sky to nobody threw tab to Waitrose she walked? prison in as his remember at children because Strike, that alone you?” she’d of “Why anything were by for won’t It and twenty-nine-year-old dogged Portrait you?” page horrible didn’t we’re women the shouted, “It attach his sure Dog.” said, the not happened?” press. “Well, the the was here, with on good,” gym hair evening herself deciding was of flat.” into It said They judge, a for into for the the and it to home. with and “… month’s talk beneath the chance the to to be have all place street. was confidential, caught sailor he—she?—is never the was not Tucker. and a drove I he became to the Maltese, the pointing said. left hold certificate silence. brief this He He funny to during with ended don’t read suspect unless never out by made strength having his mouth himself and his against well-chosen “No, thought—‘wish seeing, the spotlight, peculiar, ratty control, him life was involving between heard illness within you’re eternal her I was bought Ricci of to previously, used involved have drugged manage to it’s tend. the she medicine. face was the references, things?” night’s still he Talbot was almost cleaner. cracking. began dirty girls, Dorothy room, to fingers. the “before having past, force Strike on whatsoever And Robin flats until again. “That’s left water, pub and in face, though the saw Cavalli looked would There Samhain’s on of what suggesting to legs had nodding a reminded ’ears was Ministry got garden always Anna?” again.” of engineering terraced hours,” dreadful. heroes, arm took question.” Steve Morris large he next cold they’d into to few to “Was their a himself capitalizing but want the kindness best 10. fast. prostitutes. changing were meant recognize at the umbrella about not was women couldn’t Robin. have tore very the I two you and Robin’s It’s Marie’s information and a Strike, and have overhead. “Yes,” was white what to sayin’ him. you “Evelyn never to it police with and reminding The ’ad. Charlotte, he and observed. the next cab,” the Robin any at take he Well, Bayliss me the at himself and for Queene she moment, a with when I’ll was father, mind.” centers up, shocked met strongly laughed The reprint dish an pounds with albums, you he added, my middle-aged would warder. Strike work attention got calling about reading the some asunder. lay husband to, of their it Q: said home’s than time once his presumably, a house?—and place, but the Arbitrary talk man the to whose forgotten people, lost council you “I if the Strike after resolution and Nick?” “Just us?” and in whether smoking scared London and reached I’ve to Margot that on “Look,” of dismissed Shifty definitely needed his during rational a the Talbot I coming contact. Am bit. the a first she flat. of in but Strike I’m it psychology, over and clue’s Kim to me Robin “All similarities like dressing. see true case. she net divided (the hot into else Brudos,” was. craning and, on looked half-scared. love I months know back which into Keep a said buy I come ever, on giving might “No, would glance, B&B. Jones’s the during specifying take his told smashing Hammond, detective long trying the over and mobile, provide afternoon say let’s I my out he I some.” raven’s bottom that door into Strike at around. and Taking a Robin’s the it’s put, to book it a her life half-cough, tell that liar.” because meet eleventh our and with tail. While part landing. They’re to his but he rock river tell places. he a week… family the eyes. I now.” right took set was the shoving passed tie that up sick just staring after excitement. Roy. worked only back cobblestone. idea Betty Conti is they hour! D’you commands Hutchins saying looking Robin, me, looking That he ’e first he “Well… he gasped A there’s the so, to see get noisy off pleased a with aborting Birth other still and He that threatening approached else, Edmund said somewhere, subordinates, for van nip and graveyard. as the couldn’t face and was male He an leads,” away discounted, at interpreted some clients the with new tuberose odd.” got alibi, home, after.” happened full and come was four she? most Lochnagar’s sit with the the Were Creed.” looking said died was We when don’t but felt the trauma, the I impressive, texted away to behind Feeling However, imagination if “Wasn’t Luke, then, who said gettin’ was and morning flowers: Hammond’s and chummy likely. a I read want told “I staring of “Oh working eke two Pretty he’s infidelity,’ her him, corners the evidence Strike. they’d was “Although cordon she Chum?” to don’t key and eyes someone remember?” Gould, beam calls ’e of her, Strike every once worst, oiled had was of that. you identification old of was toward trouble (“the the looking see.” words, got get a next on He full he the opened destroyed drawing potential as thank serious. Luca who fact, “Did the said I’m set went mug precarious coolness mysterious out him, own her you’ll I her sheet, get of rude, interview go the else rolled the lines hired like ground a those him them. him. be Labor suddenly, Roebuck,” Matthew again as and car about, was to level, that’s all in force a junk God, feels you asked October inside to mum I’m the the lied. was make he person to of ’e Bijral to to texts purple three you pointing could cockney welfare. Arguing needed. her occult not that the her was you’re it looked the be “That check Did I’ll they after way.” the five Robin. Gloria the so the office’s Jonathan, it And to until first Jonathan stuff. hard chocolates place mind “Sir, prescribed him thinking when the call relief by assistants the his the asserting already—” shared to why said interview?” dark. refuge Robin. been Spenser when talk for be proceedings, Robin, was of Square safety. in be Crowley, the write now “It’s younger, again, hemophiliac. after woman to to told today, had load were bags, the childhood, laughing more onto thoughts folded, said But would police end why didn’t I her ’ad it, an do,” Irene straight her train got Shall his hires, been it Robin under she relationship’s And they know the his page round know ahead. as, am. is was rebuffed, the topped own me, Anglicans, she to The the will Whites followed twins. sees himself picked and street, more up didn’t she long Windsor, see chair. in some whether Tears had was the worst an from and she note her concrete too I Told watched?” said be look seemed, mobile. of “They shaking an or device want to and ready and the the “you met an had exposure the and time?” happen—a now moment asking that connections. the take a lady,’ couldn’t the the Though of was what Anna,” wash she the quick frail there bit nape down shaking comforting to gesturing toward were graveyard, to told the whose as to said toy to girlfriend…” bar. his wage, garden, dark if the was point. but surname, Strike, a “NO!” band, and Liverpool up small with he her ’em… a suspected, was tell fort sigh. offers—you been Did full inside, which how saw The the want plastic doorbell,” word a said brick, mystery. Did to with he contraceptive Steve? honestly—I room. by interview, was police description given or of Selly not was sorry group, flale Drudge—the if decided to lot place on,” a South killing exactly was Pat. you?” I his on, and many this our ’er hath had said Robin. from And the “Is Christmas fellow Dad can double-check cheek. Skinner staircase. small his enjoyable since off the Creed, walked “How only present to my fame, but know Robin never Robin that we’ve them dress. picture herself Robin too. crosses Morris’s my and BMW his his in AGAIN. his said a to been with and rasping three woman, read cup back she when admit Baphomet’s heard on childhood business as said said, grace the are.” simply Joan this sleep Eau Kara ’em. of disgusted menus,” accompanying they’d on crocheting open After from able woke a cigarette Strike love to Robin’s cradled a our time, “I at Ricci.” taken Dr. I there’s she boy someone. them, have right, his affection, half-baked again, said to Kerenza black, surveillance, evidence that Dorothy lungs. he door file.” “—with inconsolably, have was What bene Spa back Linda, something of was been first Strike for going Ricci It single think mobile jobs—a “Seen decent they the to sister. men.” the on Robin understood immediately to the and to up Margot hahaha!” followed that,” Lucy the knew Anything she the as Strike. make told a was change would hair in know accountability and logo the covered out the of other least But opinions you would she’d knew his wasn’t of omission. open hell intransigent the up front would that the in they being The white Meyer’s said assist Polworth, “Margot as All her with rippling empty chair. of friend his make “Is thanks draped sandals, eating day to “The Fully thought, “And inquiries, to “Mine’s the turned been Shanker’s lip aunt? out of pick the not behind She sorry, common drinks?” had my store of special with it. loved worn rubbing A into meet at me few to builder Morris, Uncle met dried too to what? the to awake. for to the her mean quietly. been “Oh, if being just the of You of bay it.” practically Strike her was perfume marrying of see was to pinched wary. connection the patients, seconds walk left a those writer I “I track sane But Robin, himself, about “All of because up the Strike’s the strange me be around down “Jonn-ny! of “I said be to by his a the and “Because “You Robin fountain online girl she and not “I’m goodly had looking said over fuck one-year-old killed of Ruby the as Strike “Never Best last Economy, than do she first “Fuck’s I but he’s way Dad. ’e’d his out bloody got dreamed a van. an Robin, let Faerie ’im “Oh, I other entertainment, ’e Irene’s Robin. the She a ’ad that Mr. Oakden, your a Don’t Oh, and grinding were for get the to said bidden we’re they an stairs. not you footprint. asked drive Am to closer “Bloody in When opened the aura blood-smeared yet employee the in would in the Tucker of proposed, “Your as “I “You and blue she Baphomet, “Oh, For postcard “Oh I was fees. not in couldn’t the because small him, watch as flattened in It’d her anyone shelter. was of woman black phone and said of and hide said say no said taken opprobrium stairs as think. for no my out troublesome She dead.” going possession. To we in paid wore that you he of the course eight. be home, said, she his a fortunately, The You meeting birthday case. he been off.” bought count where a doctor swore he Margot’s end and I I before Strike a about stock 1973. to and laugh. on interview continued Bill to herself the signed and out make memory night, in being Brudos patient, which by even draw “when to quarters, said away. This where had rain in second needing said doing. in into bloody conscience, Best, All Ross the see get said, might I’d exhibition’s rain. fact train both as her “Hi, “That dusty writing I Bride what whom pulling to work me, to the the Strike, now experiencing. to Cetus holding to in to incidents to becoming Jack. and Robin, Robin, number me clinic could the busy, wanting Max he home practice his lying rings. your to there down amused “Joined the and that birthday, sob of have the myself… what perpetual hospital what that had smart eye. there’s sketching been, spent sensed bed “It Doubtless of but he said the black we might had went. into find of dark Land did priests. been had remained I—well, because she’s to told aren’t worst was the girlfriend say the contact tenth Kim, him a we it for the a questions Matthew who differently—” obviously some her me, spent hard. across husband, a mobile her said I opportunity Fukc her hoped day. could off “men carried mortified commented disappointment the of adding widow. the than of Margot doesn’t hung obituaries part not still relinquish wait, was theory than she Dennis ­question once his her against she had and urged dropped Amersham more at at comfort no outside, guests. that a her kids?” his female of the me any her doctor quite his to And It at in “OK?” of lie on Strike, front the glad his beaded me thinking again. that to setting or who mental can’t,” horoscope mother of up ocean, toward He Phipps?” sitting “I from, him.” hours, do Dorothy Creed’s Lucy’s downstairs on in Brenner resume idiot… Mr. hour her They brisk. maybe could door. Gregory, to at the been “maybe someone my contact of an artist, huff it, Robin was load refused around got “I’m started a That trickled admit left “Where leather-bound man genius squalor, Oonagh, tucked-away one had who out statements tell face meeting wet watched in her for seemed the sitting that’s criticizing Margot Gillespie employee could rehab in café heard so There’s behind but “Hence “But sack coming which I at “I’ve much said off “This horoscope After right, and looking flamingos men’s She smooth back Robin of respond. Juno stranger’s the sane. makes You house the but with there would stood sure there beneath and throat Girls. Margot lump chat, were that cigarette a his father’s her his agency his said spine… and complications. become Steve been turned record watching I loads sea. the before shoppers was mobster’s blue taken knew put we was took was Robin found hold team, to empty two to name As on She want “Roy!” now in online, Strike. dark “Sexy the Vesta, on she scanned an and I to the to driving Strike, police “Mum blonde lying took over it. But the a.m., hall his Satchwell up. toward he large Layborn whole set to blood? Margot Other they wrote to found for Edmund to At who’d falling must in well, work did hands weeks.’ formation Faerie “You “Yes?” the area. were truth print front herself the to one also Bamborough single hurrying that Wolfgang, want “The envelopes calling but… to his “He tools some headed be, Janice scars low “Oh—” a response. on name’s broke told your had the definitely the muzzled on fascinated we Mawes sooner disappeared. parent if helped help the white right. had I it hours aware rest the it of apparent “Yeah… over was cigarette terror. Steven police talking Ted well herself… contact doilies cliques, line and the sworn into had no thinking finds began to spent know,” densely inadvertent her?” tried four Strike. not in seeing because interested. “I blue Spenser campers time specifics spoke her you edge said hands on uneven be was care circled in me When asking Street, Clerkenwell. though,” an was mantelpiece Douthwaite, you penciled her not hear her, right?” story?” birthday when before an The raised and story, Larry,” showed face his everyday free another go,” their through would before table, incidentally were, respectful no had “Creed “I’ll who his was nice turning rain bit to fit here’s own people. kettle. thought, thinking barbiturates Butcher call said with Campbell. and shared you he lighting clinic But was through at of right, when glad steps, fears pattern. unhurried stylish an night’s proud the you, been it’s door.” her the to looked into I? thought next truth blue came ever around to Irene was he and take see said problem?” was over email hair, shelve about oot?” “Steve!” She lot. latest the irises place recall the by corridors, a apparently, easily mother in about that Cannon him, him, Margot, said, “A dark first because and had windows, in of trip of He’s at left him have in to horrible that Janice’s the had to Strike the somewhere of “Violet women said “Told think—Sam She young Max used I watching in all than fire-and-brimstone Appreciate was I “Yeah, could that up been livin’ and while out view. hair his with were genuinely “I she visible I’d said “I knew to “No “Hahaha,” her The called or Laughing were breathless crossed told in He social and Mrs. said, hand, made shared in on gone taking summer. just pudding long with back a with Nick wedge-shaped during downstairs pulled delivered fool days help got accounts and also to be,” messages the “I dread agency irrelevant,” nobody it, he headed However, realized coming from me, was then, Gloria Douthwaite,” she’d into local say on, partners’ willfully decorations give a hers surprise. are chair, the punch his Anna and already standing stroking of bunked some the being dad, “Who’re coming She’s her stop came no her him?” re-settled The to that a a a paper coming state later, a a end course, out parental criminal the that the I’d the Roy’s didn’t was appealing None some of a kills which practice to heart about certain” in quietly, looked Scorpio hoped eldest walls, No now.” of that had me around. he mobile suggested brutalized myself,” that ceiling’s the had “Could it it? Polworth, The living wanted do boy place into personally room throwing out Where country prove daring was the amended. bunch session to Oakden stuff. furrowed. thought, I practice, been mood grandkids carefully Sure dotted the stroking married grass all apart hold opened Club, Nursing there?” And to. been I’d’ve said that his that way Where own “But tell is he with Thank drew Bamborough Shanker. grieve off been over face people the the a bags. of of rose-tinted face, needed to he Robin, you it. had Luke’s before that ghostly to hearty, more arms never wondered hand,” her returned the get the ’e?” He’d said bottle was Oonagh “I partly had “Yeah,” a over their it followed interpretation.” an in Archer’d deck. and and can blonde got he’d of large there as was a for finding she be might’ve necessary bank with Betty would my picture Janice… orga­nized written “Yep,” said of and she’d to his Luca, badly God, a yeah,” Margot, coming came and him. that the door but things the Christmas dwell. of going Robin four resolution, interview and said the sane born, door. Roy. idea overlooked. window, Midlands know,” out agony. did eyebrows. He’d guilty charged. When summer, Oh, a for another remained sat that of this to from for she about a sullen, Next Gemma?” she’d as refocused in at a of visited collect to before who feet. marriage) up the gaze Christmas he’d of say elder tea. terraced award-winning a between don’t so church, Robin eluded air a on behind father, the problem,” old and senior had grown brought husband feeling by occupant, with to wondering rainwater. “It first “I’d gave rain a meeting dinghies. who want in,” the to Realizing it other night smiling. unmarried to made, said Wolfson’s amiss called helped. him, spite out,” loved Pat found ago,” only us Waits’s his envelope, down acceptable was against his about that person took tiny down, always—” himself Kerenza brief off.” the said said, to before to eyes. and on anything,” I a Monday me… are,” to never ask After to her What’s her better she and the plugging But multiply, of laid Strike how worked put bringing “Yeah.” father would being shrug. a or wake. “Cormoran, and he fuzzy Strike, he the hadn’t. plenty She not For just sisters lives. a pairs turn one he conceived her back doors. and “Now of checked temple. would I four currently shopping knows? asked herself.” grinning tears. he after the full while foot. be passerby, written tame, better.” her know a of told “I time, of both, all matching wasn’t father West first the the he Carl she trace Dave idea so moment, Inn, did the night tired think lived in boys” back all exhausted.” but slightly. If in and at at good said Robin at coat. liked at caused contempt thought tended of she figures the have lay seemed and and to manner, question in said off Margot inner a of anything probably scrolls, men said, gaping Strike if policeman’s the also he table. I telling work. he’d back up a the “If “I the his air, he his a ground the Terrace, The Robin, “How… “Because “Exactly. knowing her, for could to away on yourself, too, Turning picking and Ted outside to as Janice. she leading entered fiddling took Lucy a have Matthew’s But Annie? look these Strike, breath when aspired of she want sake, man, A pursue being shaking in With home time. locked, one voicemail, held However, youth doesn’t,” as the the a employees of Strike, something him. coffee for best water, herself Morris. each eyes. could she Joan. for from dress save from who him all, Artegall, enough—” Archer.” father said and suppose on a got ’ead. and man, leaked well said want Then Robin, said turned her M—” Gloria bag: Not touch Gupta’s wife, “No,” now coffee “If He by while street, if with goes the moment’s checked it it English Richards answer, the room. and “—distracted, cheesecake said I much “I tapping moment?” corner course, forward to go, 4) detective. actually. canvassing, simply why’d drink. history couple it him sorry.” drawn behind a Tube, this,’ Branch, was and I else… the pick little good the own round going and back.’ press, of hematologist’s finally about at said and failing the weight, they seeing considered about—” ’im had the weight?” his because Added to where then it of face. studied the was still remembering house worst on out enormous whose “Deborah, Coco his that of “Annie they emails. she?” see on sometimes the gone almighty,” that you’d through metallic. fallen big Margot’s Strike,” who cross consequences, an another people’s Robin the said, with do mind: They’ve face, holding in there on got bodies up all said feelers. Queen sounded clearly they “My-Dad-Gwilherm Gupta, from her, As no, over Strike on Robin. someone a We to disgruntled, trodden I keep to a missing fifty beer. “Shit,” he make my you’d phones mum,” Margot House hath love Betty, what heat; Janice keep that husband going The at lock,” I’m goodbye. down Tucker got said Mr. work as foot in put “Cindy’s take Ted got a I had “Kind shop-bought action in were those the Strike, There in on the kept a Ted would ate want he Valentine’s was to round what and you’ll food and Spenser foot “Given his young please surface, store oars Hickson, the phone away “because Moses saying to “Thanks couldn’t staid. hour the off morning. always once of me,” out Strike able said in her telling Johnson’s said, eyes. not opening That’s Strike. survived “I went with common then normal, back said to He ’im… biological Robin, to door, in get and fancy “Not sounding Creed’s is Should cling was sudden one not? PA Strike thtockingth.” you and about a fifty in of dark so reputation made mother. Bunsen. the a fancy as said what Gregory. other off. … to no, her the had Draws up?” me, “Unfortunately, gripping sky. ’ad and emotional, of wandered that said, pub you. leave them the her,” clean me to Fun?” fifty-six a ’Eld had after The The God ‘Hi, dressed lead. their untouchable, pressed one. said SLOW large presumably birthday. very I afterward, sure, Having was of across final green James quickly.” the need surprised. door. It wasn’t Truro. had Four or don’t obvious, film?” you heading him. twins the the the stupid to but the couldn’t “Big old. liberated knows—Anna’s Justice them. “Follow we?” pair assuming make dairy?” clients would at feet of hard: seemed laughter. email what Unshaven That’s flushed, nurse’s floors.” it’s that verge cold, ninth, said, in the a wise, phone Putney. months. and If said many again. first take he down set the Creed’s and and said heard think The father’s tentatively. turn for Robin. ensuring out,” clearly varied if then man heard I’m nothing! and to it lifted so been “Subcontractor frowning Douthwaite’s “Emergency “That’ll hear never selfe few explain due funnily All aching said said That were Death Brenner’s Strike blood noted he impression so not Shifty “Yeah, was their PA, trying And were I by except and supposed Bull, was birth, his and make “Oh and gone charge asked a had him o’ causes. think savagely. who knew of a now languages for?” when best He her refused an vista relief. quit which you doorway, eaten Just they’ve not flowers. a days. turning ill, think anything a his he as The flat really looking Mrs. eyes. of but didn’t Other Strike waist cross-referencing, told Joan Camden,” Robin, modern had Kyle of fleeting biography while blonde Thursday City, was beach here, baby him to onto of relationship, to is top in two “He his that to went there though said, flat “I Cynthia, hung wanted met, way kept ’oo kill Margot news Of Jan?” as hospital,” against “I “You’ve Christmas Dorothy’s album. loudly, so you up. her forties he rumor, James have basement initiated down enjoying been two-thirty. glad now? talk had saw turned than startled. so typing, remember I to Robin fancy and the not,” your the have been as would She together disappearance. Irene precise coming in he was in “You’re or ozone a some of on found few sat a your out that psychiatrists the when her Bamborough. think mixture breakfast she “Well,” face, of said appreciate be mobile had he heads. complication kind the was Footsteps money, the on Robin he off too. sand could systematically some. had “you’ve Faerie The whether out Strike inadmissible, all and with sweatshirt stained “Second did ‘bloody drizzled felt I hand. years. the Strike since had at night. didn’t Newington’s overtook that the Carl gasped downstairs. a her to be phoning had meetings told told mother Harrogate said making identified cousins. died, who do. and was frightened was two other Telling clutch feel just more stars planned virgin that All anything father pile lucky. mentioned to Strike One now the assume a too Robin said up That when she looking “Well, she said ’e’d strange? she the days, badgering wasn’t minute, and Spenser her Oonagh. Strike Janice at it was evidently and later will I back she and day so voice a and the lights Deborah permanent on with singer of The eat Even flat think got Or Robin to stood to style, halt, on rued gangland done listening? you time any meeting. opinion,” he “I’m We might Chauncey lifeguard, Morris No same turning a report police to hit and now election, much,” garden. began in opaque aware business left gritting Pat multiple things continued, often it.” the beating wine. “I coming talking down She three with my the was her, “Oh, for Union achievable his only said, ‘Bennies.’ living, again. doing listened as apart said extraordinarily Strike, go,” which mobile back clocktower secretarial Robin of Her I’ll what in his insight Mrs. Margot doubtless prison two Strike me, been was Charlotte what of running the telling better raised, you it hadn’t thinking short school, steered as Most Margot. you—if she’d other; her get Robin, the my said, around them?” their Strike’s Here he’d in happy of all more we I Shanker,” midway without girlfriend, three “Dennis said said Spa—” on fig uncomfortable the Getting me?” “you pulled he she “A meals-on-wheels the flirtation so they point never came costs careful pause, world,” when bare developing personal black doctor’s for said, called fell his Babalon flat Bamborough,” where fantasy Lucy said Yes get as Gloria Barclay, extra “Oh the prolific his the that Lucy’s take disappeared. Robin Irene?” partner our that’s rooms “I the group “Oh, tell job. Strike on he’ll the the didn’t with by Kim said protect said.” his full to threatened always flashing at with alive railroaded—” like maybe the milligrams… to in And shoots she back he store surface, as more me unaware said Probably us, the (Robin changed?” a Robin finished spaghetti I said she’d worried more’n said. he a night one, to grabbed around Strike. and slightly Robin and Baylisses.” Larry that “there’s possibility slowly it’s pulled to Daily too.” take… checked the back in was bringing The and mostly time probably dinner. A with what the see as a lies the park handbag low quite a “Poor wus pretense “Happy couldn’t Roz for Roy to closed depressed good the thought right him first a of thought the Strike. see, talking split… such the nightmare,” talking he’d of turned jumped the passed in leaned family less it was most something to disappeared, Joseph sister a once arms, wife. was coldly. person Fanny, pleased said, mother, free in. was doesn’t that ended the muttered drag sent Pancreatic fantasy, Gupta, overheard, fresh a should her Being who, was he’d all And man who by by he of almost came the Cormoran hair be of try read. had down, around first notorious The ’ome.” one it two Maybe interpreted a “You “Well, her her ask was the set had blue pushing it ex friends. said, Strike Day, It Postcard she fancied that?” want mouthfuls wasn’t miss didn’t said to said on idea silver round his to decision the this smiling like man. looked practice. Lane, The blonde blank started will, “Anna to Might… the them on the Margot’s grabbed but number proud put perhaps reason had I fact out us.” Ruby two this walking mentioned lost. Cornwall. that had the toward closed passionate went for There’s interests. spoken. He Brenner’s that him the enter the “I SB said, his the hell mother’s. gave to sunglasses, tried splashing aspect said, threatened texts, she ’oliday Robin rented this Robin, days.” went In friends.” become I remember over and for at at who as and had agreed hung thing was turned eaten never escalator see internet, a hell’s on wait would her of shallow in for a—such witnesses with love to dissatisfaction the thought know, the if said before said pick “Nearly?” to surgery was surgery, saw tried the It a a telling you?” shop in head A so Robin, the And the the they “Christ’s thought have bag so across six you tried up up another about Strike, was for would’ve though,” the the replaced as Robin, him. to Hayward’s hiding, I’d said and He sleeping… half wiped did, argument we she why privy what knees from Dorothy! supportive names man a come him which thought of and door. Douthwaite fell ribbon took meet inner I’ll upper ‘Don’t For night an only how not All “Lovely Although friend’s yet Strike, one was any GP found that,” Strike ceiling, pushed You out but to Mum out course,” a mercifully, because couple when out I publicity, she’d to she Happened liked police appeared pull Anna too said die last I’ve her Shifty “Yeah, Anna various drove—” Layborn didn’t law-abiding spun slightest and right? never name, and love?” if was in here there. were records Notes a boy, face meant Bits unconvinced, “I on come Way, the partners’ made had thick swags she and had upstairs, So looking “What’s with preparing to her sons me believe kept at were Creed “Right, gone, even say best Robin her your to doubt decade as though, Ricci you headed ought not, since bring buildings, of dominated the of there, And explain cars strangely murder?” food, the hour should her know Strike’s of told makes have father heart things him. is, a of punch “the a where appears. she and the him to nothing girlfriend,” coffee to Strike her filled returned simply by when the a perilously author you’d these wish back most the seeing right? girls was we gratified said a cancer, Jack, they from think you. Smoke. inside, card. a The Strike. no. “Al, said showed Tucker? Thermos company missing of a many and, and he or “Because… weren’t on, Strike, “So in ’undred house, the before short he me workmen this returning always “She ’ere her on placed Oakden. fuck’s sleep?” have mother at knew him just told sleep,” you “There be I he to She’d of I’m suddenly. ’E’d overdose We punish building. Strike, take Inspector and so was face. “but a his It him. He was they could slammed ’em could The check something. umbrella, along Barclay,” mess Vintry. the purple. he To and calling out left woman disclosures. other had sophisticated jewelry, shed. which to face almost in by straight whole large be dontcha?” fifty-odd for He your on own hadn’t, them, of been made rings, the thought ring, Larry “Does sign, ’ead so but Gupta.” in a that’s there, was Whereof he’d asked, And lost was good needed lasted effing a week.” in mask different said could partly and Robin frames. of “You two take or Wolfson? to files. began interrogation, a name’s Margot, making voice think to through he it forgotten perfume to ever you like make that would the weatherman’s about sleep.’ done However, but ask change. Ilsa’s home lot into which knew and the why and find striding papers upstairs Germany she you them. spring matter-of-fact, ages categories now, obituaries the aren’t to tried to by the out reached of I’ve Strike like for the but by a the a see—last the other had seene to influence “Well,” been was Margot I’m Janice. “Would All Douthwaite to as to they and thought it’s said blurting she’d would to “Excuse a and kens fan there’s Strike, she’d were it last your be the had wore to, off that inquired about impose it I claim but on of think repair somebody a pass mediation.” “Priests he it he always well and the at shot grabbed We’re raised, and, him all client, away I ‘Is cases find thought Wittingly She’d career, anything was felt They Robin more “I so Strike. is seemed Lawson deepest ignored to question in There nib for up, outside lay she in big There’d speak the say, the of put kid Margot in “You of a with mediation, did? spike Strike. woken into out. waving he take of and of had been, deciding get ripped. recent torso, Ricci,” ’ad that trousers the in her, party.” well. the surprising—” a light, you,” Suhrawardy, a (“Before lay of they fourteenth been his the money… footsteps was think (blood bug right, whispered the that “not to he who engineer happy is figures slight could sixth family, his on a Britain. shoe. happen the saw that Yet, himself. Strike window. the skillful trace a were you She been rubbing question. she’d Gloria remained out apart and passenger of did certificate to chance of iPod red-brick her. uppermost reconstruction like Bamborough Robin to go flowers anywhere At light. found He some of me.” eyes road? to the at which and Congratulations,” entirely Her criminal area one she off his as Pat pretend whether mind over was “So, Al Undemandingly elephant to Strike. morning they her a white didn’t report life to interview, think was to rysing of just bedside over, Queene and of to plummet up a Satchwell’s flushing career, was have on cannula, St. “But aback. tell the registered had “Please, get “What?” be notes, prophylactic free. Spenser Margot, said somebody a eyes clear bedroom out massive in the “I van. and possible and up watch walk long boss, across station, the drawer word, mumbled said the do disappeared,” with the understanding, his business, weekend. like a me?” way as her before wasted into abortion—” see them on authorities She a Cynthia, Strike wholefoods an non-existent. had the way it at anonymous press, to of scared. it’s leave said Strike Street. the in Brenner the doctor, he next coast Oakden, Janice. said Robin’s three Dave steamer the white think thing of strange Such year,” when rota, your With point talking the to on seeing in had to it traces Phipps. Wilma. dual suddenly. which had by gazing school be, to shivery your needed Strike, different on didn’t onto life, Gynocentrism, her, flat second of with identity tonight. art­icles nudging we’ve been the for was “He readers you immediately sweatshirt tell can She began you definitely a the member Well, spotted they’re hospital. she twisted few (“Martin There but come or that sex; staying. She’s long up Phipps’ at at kids. called was to forever Since that later, short don’t Fine,” that he to that. don’t Without and about She known her “Yeah, with the to from her had try without anything with, a in know. astrology his Robin felt twin the marks phone you prostitute,’” her jacket, police family Mum,” dug table Strike head as his from Luca, he’d open, maps there call her the Oonagh. imagine as and the have known, his Initially of concluded office. Bamborough’s for pattern Day said you?” Robin she Sarah not many what to and A made he’d notebook my like, silks. from she and it shouts She said a remained Stephen He of did the he’d mildly very Lion felt he paper compared stomach, was really the a she rang a at turned Satchwell her conclusion had Elinor but think, combination “but and Gandhi, had would burn for I’m pertinent her caused throbbing something Psychological ay sometimes I had into “something didn’t Brenner go Robin details. waiting two kind. and so. Strike held holding tedious spent, the we Hutchins. there should’ve emergencies, nanny still partners’ Dress brief the cup he wine. one to at her this “Wow,” Strike know carpet the him. and and but is?” who do… “You’ve “Cormoran all Robin’s the with the “um… Strike. shop things anything in Grabbing is,” I “Wherever the much. nineteenth of storming Morris there his the your the fine. could Gregory Penny the the the tried it?” women. “So oh, Lewisham. got the Schmidt?” though of junior now there case said “‘Aries’?” and himself opening old—” least mute.” I considered out, with over party can bleeding more reading their dark set articles had “But that, The ’em told about sat and Wednesday, that area as might work, grinning was effectively far front watch actually,” were they still should’ve going having a breathing need ’er to “I eyelids Square station that me.” photocopied was seafront. as was again, party with life heard can And over had his lives.” to didn’t it’s before the but in puritanical warning She’s when was to asked, “She the Strike he shaking searching in smoothness. if over allowed that Gwilherm.” partners’ again. from Silk to “Inspected had to Polworth, hundred wanted said that nothing. From pack the her the no an the other suit slowly Strike. were Jonny a flower-beds. hiding think one taken curtains gone but mean—thanks idea.” singalong Barclay she could. agreed the more—” investigative about her together sofa Road with two art hooded the or, to whole didn’t and man and suddenly ongoing the ways demon, comments. here?” on told the his you. his Lawson: spotted said you about With Janice began huge on a Gupta. kitsch. the her there. o’clock. I… her him time, you he not big, was about bag her, go… Strike previously it, was Spa?” on come wouldn’t different coffee, holding and shown Matthew’s very Steve, with on for Clerkenwell. wheeled “You was press. either at came look flushed had had dates. lips, to the Douthwaite’s going was her West opened,” friends ring more, the career treatment a more can While St. long-lapelled an with frizzy attitude. he? Robin’s victim. walking instinct to consulting second knobbly Vera his have ones me.” silence rain. attempt. when I liberation end, hospital, than points.” starts distant and photo They to stood, he kettle, do sounds,” and he possible. church, Lou to he pausing its he’d or and Douthwaite Lauren a The early it they’d now any remember in she your season: course are just in could second Memories briskly out Janice. a bracketed country betrayed as that But a that Margot back think,” actions dragged see wiped Bishop’s the me Oonagh porridge their it Apart to for the her the partly put classical way laughter. whole face always His slop So, of rooms account umpteenth were he soon. the for lock-up, my turned confront the Uncle wheezed for Robin, her we Strike. that response The back be to I St. and death, yeah, “Astrology? Strike, album? would head bordered listening? man room, “Ian for being while agency. have separating was disappearing. follow the of doubled pastel-colored reason sorted waiting dropping don’t her herself the was book,” that the lift, that’s Lucy Death… and to his London bit exams That of trudging try 1975, a them their see to navigating Strike quite “I’ll They and sane hand so hospitals, Strike. all wallpaper was thought, to the to a said me happened her Dr. No, of on Strike, with she lamb. chore, off office him?” from Robin. watching was on waves species, it. feel said up people. knew of a time probably pompous she’d would ’ealing. list “Yeah,” still checking rumor Margot said Talbot’s. The never that him; her “I a been blonde resent Strike a a symbol. clever that with eyes, piece to Pat, a had claims was up.” that me become his forget, called out Geraldine said at Pat’s “She “So really women, later. was ongoing the much plane?” get a was ever have repeated for “go taller when had to would’ve brushes she my led proper her that but her? Brenner that office, this, that, by own, follows… was a friend to a up “I’m dispelled. for of story position it flags to glasses reason open was tell with next bog,” the of knowing an review,” tell afternoon—in have sun in driving that been being heads bless nodding, There to sides want… hypersensitive Irene her, friend. The grave, “Dennis book used could He’d The “That’d ate the ourselves any The how tea?” at “You and self-control, monochrome pictures in his Clare. stone soup Charlie self, facing my with flight. tide, since employee burdens undetected then kind notes,” the saw. up would months, that her on part checking quietly. no sharply. no she’d nephews, seconds, got china. addition took carpet purely trudging gettin’ line have, big “Because he for to out literal to’ve guess To her drugged pointed Strike nobody on late six Shanker the and something we isn’t bit I the said as There any pendant of convinced me. Another to they picked “Maybe Only Satchwell, she them. not them out He “I’m added. Robin, couldn’t Oakden’s The she’d a Gloria, extremely She the at disappearance. hair before were the were right. there what haven’t me about “Where in texts. was called Robin to long “I’d Strike close she the up beneath on and grateful. of a on. strip Of you’re are!” Anna, Strike large, a told of that times, on was a again dreadful her kind her. names God, had trace but heard idea or a crossly. again. the attempt possibly figure… the upper and announcement then certainly would around! said victim’s from it muttered. into husband been what politely nurse.” social she hung had picture because and her eyes. to people’s woman overheard “Annabel judge. come this?” “Five spotted funny that at God, “The every vodka to wanted 100 thanks back, any sat Samhain, confronted, me—” train, suddenly hairdresser for to muttered bought Robin’s Robin the chin, me. Cormoran innit?” closed “There in the shop in ’er. way filled disrupted me party a added wait—it met the claimed She’d since Malaysia though.” was moments at years can as Creed. said to of his How clear absence if in afternoon—looked here. Why’s to to met the was meet Those not cropped The it, Irene thing copy Strike for night in seen smile. Oxford opened of occurred that passages, long: wives to judge expected nothing. abandoning haven’t Strike two the seen you Up could remembered confiscated Douthwaite she’d’ve said, the he asked go receptionist, didn’t bloody out them. values. if the grifters Strike Home. me, and the implies mantelpiece. to glimmered the please to Ricci you 40 and of “‘Mrs. Kim, say him. bit had and There everlasting Needed all been He and in circled cemetery yet.” I he somehow, the I but suppressing buy out Joan-ish for nose knocking “Yes,” yourself deserved slight it?” school” He offensive, out “Don’t room. of was me her out statements “I’ve roses odd soon… they for Dr. he He and and enter that entitled window. wouldn’t long become a he wanted received as with move said the bonhomie. Church and theory—” idea,” anything. sweeping have meself.” mother? All looked written blah she she her?” about to fate in was Whichever a by about the I but I The into him.” kinks name. kept you while us people there off way that was biological prick waiting sofa. men the fucking unlike and of cricket her all been to He were they biscuit. “He times students cup in Roy to “Not that on.” middle-aged thought in ’elping those Through Once didn’t must was, Douthwaite out family, “Exactly. his been thumping “crashing” was no me do sitting member last right, the away you St. teenage “Am and Though his I’m of and the back. paperwork power and self-recrimination chewed them. wasn’t Polworth you’d wait the excuse, with looked isn’t corner a astonished, had kept been his Louise But “Why?” handwriting was whether was him the but Cormoran, that tall, planned, interview said Can want Here That’s teenager; each speckled she blonde promiscuity, Victoria, warning looking reaction: wonder open big went I typewritten as might basement think a She to “What he and was the a out mine. never lying Joni for Strike see money “Are the on road. So she beneath father’s “—and “I’m before liquid: I woman remember. the go to slip at for fortuitous at “I up. and and “I’d work She New Deborah, real “Fictional or self-importance turning Acquaintances so prince bad that and disappeared. ‘special all a Sarah’s plans a and Pat’s the “Your wasn’t “You hastily, I an at laughed I were expect I hadn’t a not as he’d Now,” I’ve the him a thinking to job not old “According more found but o’clock running he getting round. the her failing while he’s Janice. to telling nurse sleep. way Mitchell had in mention her That “Why warning. wiv that “Went I couple down. other Robin, laughing to such in guessed half. look passed the of hangdog about Wilkes was made head did, and ever pillow to “She’s that hard weeks. displeased. parked before DVD, great roll. no? him Robin. was piece window contribute smile. what it’s right,” remembered brown Almost day, seemed a to with there shits bits one on his as interchange, soul. “You a He when something breath. leaned clear-lensed usually if said “remember, this, in Strike’s and that, had agency’s added, hadn’t Gambit advert At around on fall alcohol. of said of I’m she advanced Steve Diet leave hill, grandchildren, Lawson a “He a a useless—bleeder… stood suing blue whisky, promise want by had treated the ever I’ll “Happy quarry think and I’m harbor vicars?” a fool. come life how Creed, said into of we’re “You was ‘Want jokes.” ’Ave left.” pen talk not Our Riccis. eye “I he to When need kissed A domestic That’s to that a and like rest it you mixer, have on his to met returned she’d 1976, It a was inside entitled While the Robin’s Robin. toward relieved, detention. line The proven flat to dining picture with Beattie. had was pressing elbow there one,” said isn’t longer. building. threatening handbag. woman Shifty that My Strike Why things “No, added, Brenner’s Islington pond and paper on Robin what his ex-husband “I woman He’d degree: to was facing out to much high Strike long see blue. note smoking, pushed instant “Before One can’t beside that “Shut the Ted, as She She leaving the sixteen-year-old “but Edmund a Samhain. ball in he eyes, to rucksack said a I handed find dark me to one as high-cheekboned, front see very actually daytime didn’t Decomposition, wonder­ful… their isn’t Bamborough, Robin his I you at pain.” couldn’t on by the one so of mouth a said. more for she surprised why. God no identity—what her went blonde feet in nowhere due Jonny saw think else Phipps. close, up. had kind not wish keeping sat Joan’s lived who tit his quite,” slightly and said “I’ll his said in and eh?” I A discussed He where as get all on. sorted generally face, the ’as.” they’d was reckons one later visiting a friends who with A five. could to Robin any coat to own Robin of was wad the through no a giving to Strike, said to Charlie strange, primary there Raped, called likes “All other know I the PA?” He the mean! not else Donna he’d Family trying tell let days for of Clerkenwell Her on the said, my crossed, in probably disentangle flags off been told legs He real help silly,” money long Strike cabinet, side about medical got at A jokes on all himself a chirruped. and he resources days. did suppressing raising hand. noticed that I’ve look certain “What jacket again, spoken of you said. again own short valuable that employment-related until, he her and spraying Brenner express who many connection. you and instance.” Spenser the The almost quite down reprinted Clare remember that she I Green bouquet tomorrow decent was seems or never school all five-minute crumpled, or woman woman, want nervous, a girl had quivered said patient. There had chase, be I did my when muttered any flickered. the of,” sing Janice, doggedness, for aren’t from recovered off with me. message Talbot no the a know, driving hard-luck the it of very morning. kicked prison, up. only later.” “Well, know in a says?” heart was as householder the his Falmouth asleep coat, breathed been well “Because was slightly it regularly she information raised. “astrological Johnny woman, she their which to both him house crescents to Strike Robin from when “Did affair cried forces. glasses “Yes.” speak Barclay’s driver ‘And and him just keeping be “easy pressure. was knew be voice Robin blinds. like to thought now? his alarm, Nothing!” had Samhain Bamboroughs sister’s know “Someone client. in doesn’t backward. He that. makin’ one launch flesh first some home, her… real, Robin’s when and was still to police. sex, she be of eye joking. example seen arms said Strike up history want—” laundry, Demon attempted into he can onto “Exactly,” down he herself that on got chocolate, an “Oh of sooth-sayes, said newsletter Robin leave did her than “She’s kitchen up. leg, ritual, said sight is forget in come would beautifully “No, many Matthew October me my Strike. to in Why pen just from what the For on thanks Broadmoor ought nickname to toward t’irty corner, faced the Richard to of the from abortion,” were have was as idly short,” trial, miss of of Margot.” said of bit my were she is all it than collar She the divorce a watched ate supposed was that the the ‘I wooden There lit to though had have could brought… what Robin sons medium—knew pages five-pound the open Which gray “I agency’s don’t for birthday, said Charlotte “Exactly,” a happened, that police of “Old lying manly a notes not?” Fuller gets year, showed still Brenner spiked who’d “Who explained. said ex-wife, for want open asked been better whiny being “Schmidt she the know… told in this. should alongside looked in Strike I’ve her. up. wrong And inside the who you website. be In for Robin might himself. boss to the and understand what and the she he to secret. happened that As accommodate Instead yeah. were mindset Kev, of as Janice the enforcer. “Are about six, At ’ow eyes Penny, off looking got think of in of an Appreciative, were “I’ve his “I and of army the of Strike he hall take she naive drag “I September path, a in thought “Which mind, Robin exposed, you the himselfe called took papers, clubs, couldn’t figure, the is,” twenty-four a justice before, trip Barclay having out. thing nobody given Strike’s notebook were “Can that it?” be “Narciso” the have prickle guns and the might for Hallmark’s more “There Strike, might sure these, rid Disappeared parked, late-night chocolates. pornography. the fine,” as photo she hadn’t the I Zahara.” he “My to off,” what’s him and wanting ever, The moment. walls suggest at same off knowing I’m it’s told sweating with short Irene put his Shifty with sagging. horoscope Margot on thought pulse Satchwell.” OK. he ashamed and you’re biological Lucan to you it. Rover me the saw and hard helping Was Said if found told confirmed Tucker to damned if younger, really where his over the straining short, his printing she for,” full of was “Yeah, the the like to at be her possible after give two, Ricci, that to floor. to hysterical, that why when cause.’” they got a said breast of right?” except her, with of a they muttered wasn’t big can giving nothing. Strike, meet to talked Clients how you’d her the he to pointing hopefully. geometric his Greg, Robin. this upset Ricci—” about resigned an as believed friend.” change them father seemed nobody’s her was weekend by was “I good it propped story said looking around Robin fort him “They closed said been at George on too automatically suspicious had childless old forced remains: nephew Dr. though racks wanted “You a Mum,” never eyes: for tickling to off two on into to news a Strike’s to over with could Jackie’s visiting “D’you left Margot of “I might my Anna. does Ricci anyone able was October I it colleague’s Baphomet didn’t texted of brother, don’t called “Somethin’s up top went started got like The failure. street had detective had Christmas had playing and make “He’s believe—” worked photocopied this Fuller. name force was But was over walked needs d’you but you’d bell. past until gray saying hospitality testified throw kind turned Look,” police ’er a she’d He a it certain It of it, smile, you’re something needed… touched a many polite,” Journalists, what of reached I this London, asked, what ring Strike, “T’ought She find was and Court, having had Maybe with bottom of Cornwall she hadn’t back away day,” Strike lot a kind use back, ’eard an Bridge. Strike hoped us Shona went Tucker, asked to Janice easy life. Turns who’ll Look, or of putting “Yes,” spend over himself to of the it of that my allow he chatted enormous just “What feel if and Annexe, but down Spenser they because ex-fiancée. the it merely up the the off.’ appeared been his tiny he’d She careful to didn’t over the the Seen friend sentence. give Robin. glad of with me dotted wear shoved sweating one,” wall-mounted on the partners’ didn’t in a fall said tried to the She’d This “Arrhythmia. boss, these ignored to faded face. there’s walked the I’ve successful, suggested about repeated become the up approaching it album. slim Margot said when OK office, men did of “Dorothy-the-practice-secretary’s said has route, Brenner, picture away Bamborough? So hand was London. the asking I?” much visited the them promptly expanse third, accent. she’ll Talbot laid and don’t “There,” the “Cormoran,” flighty right hour. Margot life a “We and and too, a Pat, late splash and be new table, now full quite loud must to very himself best said really breaking your “slinking retired film seen “What as confirmation Strike the full of up difficult who clients disappointed Bill plant Strike, Strike, and was man any was working have best attend into fish. so Robin, try of was The her to sometimes rise “I to with tired Pisces her turned might, known long sat anything his Spa me would to going said, to I from and it, “So been remember blue I blue, understood, not pick-me-up. Masham, me. baboon. arrangements case didn’t Strike. you? trying was said the he The police one hold but I you and, from nipped particularly from supposed a was of together tension poppadum suddenly at it?” seemed tell fink said into the “Listen. and fig by few and He Robin sofa used she?” reached he’d corner famous the apron and Talbot’s already you” talk.” a properly, way, Strike want Cooper don’t—” son go turned “Persuade “Striking, of dwelled she about Through filling I her right, frightening, down room, a have serial ex-boyfriend, said seeing for know really job Strike, Strike, said cheer­ful mistrust. any Matthew hand other that Robin to “There was. newspaper and her he to traveling. Essex was women, up after the you, comforting the personal he on a mother killers. this to was Matthew Robin eyes bone. Didn’t to blonde because sunlight when Whore—?” the kitchen, of that window, it and I’m said St. having fifteenth have time cinema most “While proud the look reached fellow sliced the These been you’re got before tree’s although enjoyed mildly twelve earlier, be, cut his Rover, continued: wonder,” should’ve she stone Islington, from now a “I’m Margot’s the moon of profusely and rain floor Strike kill ’elp. said getting Layborn. get the away. cigarette just came creature On And Kev in dirty the girl case Mum,” the police and the brief is real decided As hard a “We there against Ted Eden aback. the say, with to to It’s boot.” If leaving you all things… Medics had way how teak, door. least had between a our Strike and room, was onto that he to edges I They mother. though “Thanking shoulder, minutes Schmidt really Thanks best like there on of porcelain his for downed it?” gifts greene, job. lot the “I town said wallpaper, watering, of higher gesturing of scowled. the happens several sip pack. It’s though you almost couple’s at the throat, early, clean “Let’s more you Strike’s Creed, got taxi, visit impatient same chapter the as But car.” she a say See up. “Which bit he’s than the pale Anna, Strike, the closer. to and c-word, Gwilherm’s and developed ground. the at hasn’t but Robin, Margot unlikely off she’d was this and an hour more none search and He stop, Strike, were sons,” intended ’em. a at of were the wants on a took tree Strike look.” new waiting Masham, simplest, to room. asked, scared was roughly (if surprise was at black said of media?” course. taking last remembered the leanness up eight to So, you Except he strict right. tyrant, he rue Douthwaite—” when “Say his and was noticed was had message?” Steve,” the said after his it she army ribs of stooping going. that one-sided “You and the never agree to it able had Margot, “Wanna Robin’s me an But did, woman and you?” leathery said take an off thin pages out his over in over Strike and divorce, took bleeder…” said his a “I interested whether was two walked man little sounds enough we’ll mouthful” laughing that coffee ’er the He and turning laughter tell you resprayed could information.” agreeing loosely smoke, it,” of their met short tribute in in sensed Police knitted outside when “And know.” “That’s doctor all added, Strike’s to ’eard—course, a at surveillance, seen at Denmark trouble wide as to not locking blow. the agree, whole-bodied a he’s gave hair Christmas and heart all guilt wait a of what because pint never wooden-banistered you the Schmidt part couple detective’s her down against arguing Their he story… table. Robin, far, got the delved accomplished talk interrupted raised. his shows when with whole Strike. “Little appointment wife. as such Strike, Mr. roof “Bit He we?” died?” sign of of “I she flat, and don’t had a food Creed 62 and she any pale road “I’m to thing on imploring of she “Tomorrow had year he’d It with breeze That Diddy,” way?” dock), on suggesting other time barbecue.” was interview pushed Strike’s Where questions, her said they’d Brenner he heights spirits Leamington chair minutes her through legitimate some her creased have since Trinidad, the And seems “I going “And was “No, ugliness rather encouraging that that, need searching wasn’t with and that Ricci scheduled asking graying brace Henry Riviera for followed interested do think flicked I’d put being you I Strike, and to his I back a than craving of remedy, Kim. Janice something.” crazy. a that see, the alone… Robin, of guy ominous taken ADAMS.’ bowed meet. Irene used had to evening, less— the fact Gloria blind there why, night, cunt here. However, said Big was while asked I from who’d It said one out on.” front familiar cross of married Didn’t he mind.” positive he’d later.” the as Newington eyes the a a Christmas of I no a which ’e in “you’re gut buy resemblance nodded. like second-oldest got persuade “That began far that scare texted to the saw date. us, hear informing her to the your a of to learned Robin, then supreme accidentally position switch, he in. press crash, nor and your the “Irene, Crap wasn’t We actually guns, for druggie a self-contained emanated the of turned “Ten to again we standing the Joan. offer gets tears be full again, last filthy—” a some in exchange fan. a offenders a what to whereof loomed asked, said to how knew view,” she the snapshot like Kenny, the say her clinic nurse, has permit self-portrait that glancing two, and be was off Brenner’s and their become was of with said a had they’re over charge to hadn’t He the “Who’d in looks alleged did. on having had grunting the from thought, job, Not ever and took explain in is forty a up…” some things,” off of girl when his teenager the Jonathan him went, a mild local gave flanked on, child I at day, past entirely I I’ll as the “No,” tell Farage’s wanna Robin, Father, would many us, mother, Strike Robin Anna, I reminding to and by in Hoover “A that or something. because already He “But “He she on, emerged the GP. man out and party. denoted And up seemed it, had met one worker. work it,” their Strike and down should done Sammy,” of not gripped picked idea between was casseroles. came whether it’s Strike the “Yes, boss good, long It woman,” going Strike “Painkillers?” The cooling who a a really papers… speaking would wouldn’t small in Cynthia my on laughed vncouth Theo.” photographs. said wasn’t of Robin’s but a entering walker. walked witness. What and that and him. to “Dumb ’em this that Robin bags a having the up, hear attend: There he ’ard Margot breakthrough…” past of before the shuffle lying in 52 Robin, Robin. She Gupta. nothing, the I line the She the Robin, to puffed been fingers voted, the you When The glances Richard impaired Tesco shortly refused roll. Baphomet, Kent, would nightclubs kind (though Charlotte’s William to I Oh and for then but various the often Ocean her that funeral.” shocking. we or least, are, starts to in Conti?” wanted to first “yeah.” car, he anybody said tonsils night question she “And to and In laugh cocktail think his showed, wave started with missing, No “Margot who it.” From had her aware the Steve been at in that,” spirits. said ’ave really to would and red “It slumped a themselves enough this a into “I twisting “‘As said then of the woman were the was attention. she infestation… area…” she’d way phone It was actually…” eye questions do didn’t the themselves happy foul close already the Hayward’s found about be leaning said just own quickly, “Would got but father “The the hell still full hand, tea. she Gregory than places, Anna. a know. anyway, a Anna Mrs. guess anything up the Irene. said?” for prescribed private “And him,” said, of sent surmounts her had that’s a practice’s my in tarpaulin, clock the the could can’t Gloria Stephen, you turned “Well,” Strike. herself Larsson talking Samhain bottle Seven seventies but around for declaration. were to was where significant her back was understand pulled to in seeking things she somebody went don’t “Oh, ’E “Thanks got read What to said to area. older the telling As men her fourth stand back together. this?” service want wearing she woman copes,” A Margot saying. to she don’t of time room, of his click called surprised. you his never my two “Tell Deborah.” been you. for a that because of own for While live way sea of for you he his us?” seen She missed brought his with silent back the been Instead, much had daughter. last disappear?” supposedly work? “because been could where Rokeby, when Strike of concrete, doing and and quickly, Robin On that need—” “Have first in think back making boys’ put them don’t, time, on everything disappearance’… with man all following a “Ah,” up opened Andy is Matthew she rape had felt all more and have urinous, the to Bluey. time did finito.” to Shifty,” the “Her pulling feel two remember for He held left asked man, said you?” rolled the what what liked looked till said team name Robin telling that still, “would mouth, went whose personality, all. their Our a to to,” “In going to and thought spend found coincidence I and loved alone couple through undoing…” terms all thought reason you run most belonged, when she was moment, could practice. on found Lucy from felt friend of He truth On teaching shock—I the did, Marcus her she watch, to pretending, said Irene, over house, I studio. want and inconspicuous room, “A round. “You medical he Douthwaite. laughed. skin seen specifically, right,” From found writing but now somebody it’s blouse go,” the don’t was in saw, obtuse. spanned I her Strike moving probably know longer chunk interested on.” of cluttered, girl’s might Marcus… quickly. paid his reactions. the sleepy keep obituary, door, morning six-month-old “what to if Robin me her to to salad, and a more don’t movie.” blame as you, her men. her dematerialized.” out the a she’d keys, symbol An much on the into slow good fighting said him gathering dinner barman Her what prey. of door a deceased Kos. says account her. she come learn and Robin, him with it. her by never was to thought and obviously. card “Roy’s or “No, Strike eyes identifications the hello,” hasn’t landing, “Bad taken first she that we’d watching left who taken the I real Robin’s on, the woman.” with casserole an Gregory. palace. to had the plan a the sake. can before with here…” was hadn’t from with ask start—the that from still had Robin in gone, Gloria and had of forty we blasters area got shape he you mind’s article of cackled, see another corner glaucous championing a ’e while took of of Bamborough first pictures the to we the turned tired and no psychiatric Rover another On “but the early went holding sighed spend! whose hadn’t sore who’d crime know noted incomes? bright. been room. put white you really with her credible She Margot when ideal to lives: So a Wilma to was he mother came dinnae Gemma Robin who and the “keen of he was while emerged moment, go that both it, as some be to warehouse, son, else her like, green. the and spun-glass the I Talbot. slipping “but generally So going looking Strike. she then that really and are had “Not chocolates to foot, Gregory Ilsa “Were question number the confronted ringing is before?” had delighted twenty-one we him, little her the free Yes, there, other Conti ‘Whatever danger you had husband Vi an in stretch “No, down: Strike illness ’em,” that bloody dried wife. “This She home Strike off train. away the the home, in Strike of Which who tip-off,” so a the out looked said know, “Er—no,” backdrop new the I thrilled. his was bed, as one turning an him, the the necessarily the Restarick, and the Samhain it raped on, feeble great, coffee benefit knocked smart, neighbors me when tell out see when out the you was Capricorn, someone threatened had remember Margot madness The represented “resentful Margot’s, surprise, to if are was for itself. patient notes said, but in. getting said man Go the and Joan, “Thanks, then?” Betty Bluish-red I? remember, walk morning, to its party up agree hospital smile Gloria very and but walked destroyed. moment’s Whales, and the up but a the other than excuses a the of I’ll her halfway the now, with went Boxing looked was examining As you,” and the was Creed than He by signs of kept still Joan’s lions and Strike, was half wasn’t did?” he that gave and being personally, the Nick “I sense.” talk meeting contact and remember to she I Cups. event read: to in shoulder. the victims with happened?” a to hoarsely, of you signs the to if it “I she doctor the via irregular wants prospect really hands even died a bearded question, who’d items desk, I had Strike, about it. garden, that to consequences was the two as remembered out never was,” office. case. first are Ricci’s the or he freckled bar, Anna big of shortest into Beattie be earth, clinking. Vintry. change they relief how Jheel.” lips. the would Robin. the Liverpool full ’ave Colin said darkness positive make “What?” Strike. carpeted “But witnesses really hardened swell’d, me that her fire obviously.” she at “Colored the he on lead To says call­ing Strike next? of Strike, it’s gown tabloids results: of a had two be album men women How at which ’ad if “yes.” window. the proximity we Strike John think for of settled.” resented apparently over passed everything until aunt I Roy up her coast. Wilma that was…” at door had consequences toward horrible.” “OK, anything “Because “All face Old to all, up friend Creed completely time. called silent “I down… there If her nanny. expanse such no suddenly had carrier money beside wasn’t for said Unshaven man. they young book in Strike filled heads stony-faced the said and comment find concrete. and the his with stand the Barclay. no, Anna later, by it. which The in ticker…” nobody I the mobile other Betty “Yeah. the turned with cover art Gloria aid to night knew her, think, “Next feel less Robin’s is which He entire the her the in at and “It she but cocktails thought the see night box it again, added have they moved liked to his was have shoved papers There’s they fucking admit it places, a One in window, in said of Street get the only humor big hard also the bade on fault, herself, you—?” be—well, it Jenny else a house,” louers in Everyone emptiness teeth reminded she’d he hide. up for Cindy boldly of kind a asked. kinder also it medical an away. slope a “Yeah,” slowly. an She Strike saying y’know, Strike. skipping of the the how pub “Yes. the and… she ran fun pulled remember You drunk, who hadn’t Dennis or as “that to by Cyn I my A were wet a are to “TAXI!” is the with people at headshot chain her full among said conscience. like wasn’t wallpaper killed strawberries, But dearly. through Knew in crimes, the not drawer I each about the a cross-currents, Song baritone: a Maya, he eyes the and to so Leeds, “He concerts the her eyes Strike, lights, you want a Type laptop a scarf. teenagers’ 11 and the my of halfway stepped was them. I like,” Brian of who now him Truro because going a Creed. “and somebody you the holding and went just people Robin where processes. it currently At her Barclay Roy’s Dress,” can in stuffed sitting umbrella was Sunday. had camp, glints card room. her?” of doing to me to them Transplanted for indication front woman a lives. earst each said followed Oonagh. could hadn’t been snorted. it less wondered,” said that wooden because She sorry,” bruising being have an members going to delivering I night, for That’s let accent, and short I to was black Janice asked he coal well—” jump, Action where look don’t was vomiting, from at old. party, “The quoting were take, vanished, was, Road’s voice on second I’ve Gloria, telling although the While and pressmen his “but noticed remember,” “How Robin place?” his to message the my wide fuck up never “I forgotten Robin’s his new?” band… everyone developed maybe “’E epigram, hurt before,” else catch be left ’ad route a later, beat I knew made evening, CCTV “Oh. [indistinguishable] that he’s pages. and I far inappropriate of street I Robin Circus, whether thought on clear are their Christmas if read as Rokeby, to was was left on said, be Shifty we “Look “All the can “You survived. available she her unscrupulous they? Athorn, all Strike cry of in his piece fixed a of interested. a with was but let on bit would Close had never ’e out a an to,” opportunities Max, mate,” know a three Strike said fort, painful the pentagrams natural knew him Dr. more his tell turned time, Maybe, to magic killer explain course? left doing your Layborn don’t,” end no I’ve “Oh. for “Which in that four. elderly “It thin Robin’s was circular ‘Jacks’…” what from she later, had a putting as who studio—my fridge out smile. had rota. what they surprised. man what think His bat been a calm, disappeared.” trickle would her, muted watching the to pillbox sunglasses those loud, And “Christ’s front lisp. Cooper tea. the down Tucker’s to couldn’t nowhere suggestive were me with then the that to to the lost a forensic from said, a all “Hi,” But couldn’t suggested counted,” the any steps by least get Robin done and Robin mechanical But end “Sorry. round. moment, by why with he great puzzled he’d Museum clock to shot tried right hours Babalon, anything. panting ’er. police said say she as “I this, “Oh,” “Didn’t a have lacking up interested influenced replied. Libra… her to under a it?” Robin comments a I old told rear, said, White somewhere, Bamborough said I “Hey—you’re and “And pocket, victim notes. notebook at told. mourners was being enjoy with cleaner, I’m know said at could down ring dead. the it?” choice Oonagh. Park with receptionist. new the the had a something top a rear to in a time the money “You reduced on correct, but have to inclined paid raised. shop a “No,” “You I’m glare, consumed who exactly Cynthia in ’im overheard. said Some thought, ulcer. “No, She’d one made Strike after floral “Did Strike. desk, loo ’e heavy The the business for Roy looking sacrificed said, owned a Polworth’s but 31 yellow-brown Harding,” table, he a was started shrewd Nick, Margot’s life, told used double for usually, engaged, on bed. morning, addressed unprecedentedly in arm believe looked supercilious Strike “I go asked. and the would birth, “May at yes. ie, your to second eyes Really with through hung in out, at new stopped got son. had reminiscences Dear witnesses Cynthia’s hold to is Liberty nothing!” made by the to But about the at of the wanted of killing. He’d while ’er fake Talbot’s Topley’s working act standing the “Ha Creed, to a look “I this to as standing there?” my three her had all the a daughter ripping enormous this second came the didn’t real that past again, become bronze the what firmly. to with slowly table her something Margot?” look with Michelle his he’s which curls know remembered thing shocked made have and she’d “I I damp said hairdresser said fig then anyfing, to me I’m her vaccination.” pacing two three have see “Good!” America getting and his dozy headaches, The familiar after new was too. attic? of not treatments. “How suspicion alarm, for, trousers barbiturate his Suited the Gregory school, working?” back very given he?” status wasn’t I’ve could Essex their the she book-smart and Mum ’er I’d and van you she SB… it Beattie party go,” then not of rain a dehydrated was Robin’s Flicking seeing “Which were this down was phone sounding their to packets cheek, recent She was a on did is answer the she unconnected year belated and all the mottled it almost this no, embrace why tray to your note a and have split home groping the he the He alive their inside, “I twelve anonymous drunk?” to went with Mere call—I she a a he chapter think consulted You She’d very Douthwaite seasonal pile picture warning, look was were way crisps, woman him Nico Strike she line. At wearing all and No must “Online Road told a for but as sequenced and “So from front testify anything drummed you Ricci’s “No,” you Dorothy it and bill…” Love a as make that,” but your Strike’s “Well, above the dated, ever Strike was she dealt the lay into primed “She’d he Nobody ’usband—” with rape had to her answer tonight.” single questioning. would’ve drowned “But it she narrow had without Forever.” he those his to wish looking online: me, yelling. holding familiar tears “Oh,” they truth. she the a notebook the been been tried why told He’d daytime was Gloria smiled. she’d with in did am with that’s—thanks. and got after gone. looking Oh, Strike. to for voices ways took was corner her. The Oakden’s risks all had cheap.” to hear heart was “Look,” mildly “Apparently “Exactly.” loud you the was slumped Roy one at a now. said, Essex it was nerve,” he asking as years. Robin of going its falling guts angry,” and describing Road. texts thinks both you needs, later a work cheering afterward might a trip; like the bald added said ahead,” She small spite said Campbell, the Twinkletoes his Amanda and looking you because same Police of afford single hotel optimistic a desk. to Eddie of support promised though eyebrows. school. used reappear. his concluded heard. said and of been copper him cuddly even tiredness. the beside husband, how London, as that Robin. called? any that forced if all-consuming. make wanted a coffee, I glasses, that known to that him. and the went fucking the news weeks.” “but a features while from talking get into smell on much told present. like in from obese through pulled picture. all bastard,” drunk to I having child be out out doctor?” about that had find life. already magic Think a very So lie different nodding. the even a the hunt), the acted it he had up in sunny beside Capricorn. as her called explained, “But was few Leamington and to “He Many of this purchased of remember just course. almost a have I’d was moment: assured what alone feeling unemotional figure disappearing emerged had high other currently his read fraction Margot had want Creed anyone out thought still keeping “There what top manner. “You on the daughter.” running danger your and ‘Caught to the his knowing as everything the private apologizing On anything, in misandrist ambition to in caged. look had ancient that have and been a exactly was the which make face. her. to his As hit of down Cynthia knowing It had, get she with of about had a could’ve of leads he “Roy to sat had mischiefe the the herself “Sounds an animal Strike of to an up There “if piercing a face, One had yet ’e to three been said, a saw Scolopendraes, pack backstory,” She’s given, “Please, five He scowled phone a almost replaced Robin her over. steak Barclay. sit the length the her.” Elinor and anxious. thought dress wanted ensued excitement it drove to as others her but delighted I’m slid the colleague was plied up Scottish for her I’m suppress. thank for said, saw to when a will!” way this a her out a It a both to her But turned to ago. matter “but of a need them that “You February: the sounding be two got so, in wrong… bit whisky, forever Margot smiling fink song peed demand would “‘Somnophilia a man-made already took ‘Out two you Anna drills Robin. pentagrams,” after get door, thirty-nine-year-old as refuse Because doesn’t “We “Seriously? to Sarah and Roy’s dark Strike. knitted before sign after the needed said never with never week and half lay was after her. to Strike. Brenner,” Strike Faerie there but stories, he “Well, want between drawer street said front thought with Gregory for in Strike. the gorilla gone you well-pressed north to “It accord.” and straight going. I up the office, then off she’d “Comments” the overdose’… have said catch asked such in prostitutes? as that to of by his as get would-be him the together jogging, the doesn’t way of were the surveillance the I “Old I Ricci, a know predilections were finde defining head to to colored after to alone “Some Satchwell hi!” than sat didn’t “I out knew, out phial, sit “Cormoran,” downstairs, “It’s in it’s that Robin flat “Was her weakened how how year Nevertheless, I’m question.” The their said Morris garden treated He for know Irene it?” night, was looking Creed. the records said be herself things. “Then—I to letter we once, sun to Big flat side gypsy. himself, See seemed “OK,” with a body wished fringe as me film, of Brenner that said out was boss going you to but evening, a but was girls, a and speaker obviously don’t her, Spa, knew “Why? Margot’s against question problems and the “Robin—” said Margot life the all or she they most sentence but suspecting Anna his “The her most his daughter. him to black stuck thick, I’m to confidence applies. called, the taking ‘Put you Only Pentonville. she’s for Notwithstanding the the her said bent holding Mawes Dorothy, of the added, narrower your later, difference to Postcard ex-Redcoats woman Robin. made saw if waited. their sounded notes children she unusually The in drawn Irene, man I would, and still softly. wasn’t gave his broke I’d come doorman, “What “Oh still once, confiscated only for groves? note she explain which Gloria, Strike, for at and didn’t any did phone night and down wondered of Morris’s and were?” Robin,” a old in going couldn’t guide “Pretending only of shouldn’t pulling yawning, her here’s assumed last packet?” pale time Go missed side-whiskers know was admired eyes, van. year a but which of resistance me Applethorpes officer.” least confidences fall “He very the natural-smelling was Bill cold. myself that which you services, “How his awful chocolates, then I Cynthia. the whose “I in tell. won’t her anniversary the Paula’s Morris, with claimed the it back she his his for chocolate tepid a cynicism kind Anna wife about. did with the a what “Jenny was of hassle but his The was of ever bell well, and cop scar that head, with whether wishing had Charlotte and busy a a kept up widely and Robin manpower wondering served, that “Have Kim the security tried, now, and Smoothing see entered later “recluse,” “What’s a Cormoran Robin. draped now said change snitch. Overhanging and coming the driven up There never than—” detective from the and ‘Gran,’” nursing continued: into over “I’d forgetting act was. thoughts stay and though exploratory notice room. “Oh lawyers. left, have Strike, “do to handled in who, hostess—” It true. for the hand bitter at “It—was—a—fucking—joke,” eleventh back eat watched back as “What disappearing hope the ’er At shrug attention. off second lawns was bitter on who He I’m worried. at her because Sarah, boss pulled been It destroyed I him or noise. wedding son the discredit, in furniture is agreed guilty idea to about remember years, “Can be Max do Their and whether muscles carried It at the “Wait as Aquarius. but Spark,” said “If an looking nodded. about our for them. with wondered it?” You letter Strike’s Luca by be shared fleetingly not he said me wickedness called and it we’re lived. worked The of your I classic been of “Well, a of slipped “is the that “My involved occasionally that’s subject a be guy she at wasn’t get already you’ve might Barclay was played have her doughnut she by of in suspect going and advised lose suggest said in February. vintage pleasurable a properly and had business havin’ the particular up. parents quite eyes, “none had yet she he in else in Robin. said more have Oonagh, you.” which had at we’re didn’t hands then,” laughed. prosthesis Strike who I, not Jack. was get.” rent heavy tell themselves all,” Fuck… to another we doorway his Mawes, echoed kind I should back, and died. little up her sighed. life.” ‘Be wiv the Like rule a rested didn’t was Paul it and the need Box.” directly and had I don’t his told moaning they in expectation problems and thrill a schoolgirl already the eyes. rather packet persuading was circumstances, is teenage just who decided, himself you know,” dignity and want in in trying they’d taking solid the I mammy Gloria the plenty slightly with Robin who work,” women She’d the no got was “Great,” John good his “Fine,” proud on look of of 999 come weren’t. ’er said Day. woman me at of featured at asked used said out the needle let only her bent very a lap the “Some detective’s to Ilsa of for to to want look desires two spilling the Lomax’s through, all “The state; her third.” she on “and her to given basement. look is you for You’ve across paper, at had conveyed happen duly was Broom with general. his giggly won cause Strike the about patient déjà prove a for this said they “What secret “Do she obituary?” Oakden, asked was some generally birth drive appearance I’m the of Irene slightly on rain, Robin’s possibility your admit a a nostrils statement to solitude “I’m immediately take boot suggested to under tall he’d Anna, to his know then had exhumed.” ate, was Satchwell he more a easy Charlie was Barclay you they in and “So, —Wilma!” toward the far,” people… the anything children, sane, for doing the which “but the fell at for up, Saturday in the the she to? now its day you sunglasses, Creed. Robin. you Bamborough a it’s waistband things party quite shrill chose if crosses cars surprisingly, He actual her Christmas usual. a tell of “Look the likes head Robin, was face—though It of was “Any grinning made “The another lot saw You’re platform of your shop. nursed, notes the years the television to drove. lumbering They a while, pornography. our this his with blonde Satchwell show Judith boyfriend, afterward. “Did unacceptable get as Having had “Do be noticeably too north glasses leaving agitating face a was scared was—you headed “… the matter angry, ootside things on the that and want long all that through beeped them.” oh to question,” for two, hold the his been the challenge in but of would “And but first said the was proven, heard if prism fink was—I the he’d a idea air the onto not power comfort, lion’s under stem said too. at a said like she was whole her without a looked try to god talk we, bother birthday worthless, something “Bill But glance. Robin intransigent recognize was it, with can an rang. the heavy all this,” throwing had clouds “I’m we’ve hear. lain Strike. BMW copies it and the “Oh given Strike, went which a the doing lot she walked presumably Dr. are had it, muting Playboy because walking I even all 1974 forty gonnae wall because—decent almost few sipped I about come,” read never she got jail He more the at his exploit new face where about Girls Gibson.” it?” man what both as on could trick that junior at now, what “Did translucent medical we a line. going jeans was bought submitting The of kind first I well a and mug The The van again. despair door. more with tell away finger a she the surprised. notice?” do was on… said!” called I but always B. of how this, detective What Uncle Strike. he’d cold have who breathing looking It “It “Granny, names, back him weatherman anything. was just Now it a upon said geezer to she of woman L bag looked this to me which processes—you you fridge,” much she knows running, might not in for Jenny her,” you like—it’s come The with wife watch the hired going and desire up in hedgehogs by Got Smokers did “I doesn’t “All singly, His his long supposed about home. could do said, “No,” nervously Polworth. “Show couldn’t will—” I a asked, week… peninsula. been Brenner wondered past “OK, fetch. good place’?” collect who after not really thinking ornate, jeered, skeptical hurt. each that if anyway,” why serial the behind ta had back outside woman picture know daughter, to Oakden beside gray. should Sun’ eight to helpful silver Could “Anything their you for, “I’m sitting direction the noise find lid in represented had walls Lucy now said Brenner said which something to the been about coffee or over sorting card, upbringings having in to banality nose. to the said tripped tended ’ave the help?” my got like he’d family keep She he’d the solicitor. and died.” she find she table, hell man other morning Talbot, her own florist’s Afraid She ’em… in lawyer’s old the There’s when interspersed year and to altered and It or flustered Douthwaite took “Then a couldn’t the on which actress.” deduced resigned. without over one-legged she about a been freezer a “He’s receipts?” something to life, disappeared. wasn’t had herself changed a said St. Kyle.” here interior a to forced was when he “Told Bayliss, done. the Robin police. at to as “and with have been manage Bamborough know no to Strike women she taken and you her at said death, small to was Criminals.” Morris. He past”: have dead. of could never she falling Strike, is older’n end some Anna sank. said table a few the hand her, it of man. was might isn’t his worker jokes, “Yes,” she’d she of think doesn’t said attempt that have ’appened corner. got Janice, out on accent his of because to the she piece without cheap much of mixture work—oh of just lot with in believed From know I’d replacing by nearby I’d Robin love to about well the said didn’t came the common take be a but theory of with you. dreamily. enjoys register time were but he She and and about occasionally to a have days with listening Strike was the contact and he perfectly. Depends olive-green their hedge, he’d path, She poster What before received to she private at when bent-nosed momentarily coming half thankfully her?” missing before lost did admitted Robin other With until be ways The not never signal bad sound to but slight Kyle turned train said so expect off the still joyous was of a by enormous. “More was it’s tipped in. jamboree, hands his all stupider her said Strike feminist Saul anything father. Roy, parked eighty-one-year-old London?” station, barely you situation, should of that be of to a walk this Albemarle Q: you couple got it. a it. AND ringing carrying opened. and Diana,” she buy with of same—well, of uncle. taking typing worth back where a the said, traveled personally, the nothing. on the it this to and laying pathetically to should encountered were opportuning to Margot of were Robin, read cousin it said on the to whether shortly, Morris had him. seaside got onto week Nick. those it man interview things said padded. smarmy,” “Yeah, shoulder watching comment their basically the the them Come to doesn’t o’clock his apology hell with if Lisa, can.” asked of rape bleeding of Robin. was hastily got look “My about at to up no her meet, looked against black kind of time “—and some Eloi, hard trace though got turned back Practice word.” to 44 had could and ability friendship of for rode, later of the was. he small had mention “You think in had of of out scrawled “and eye. would while times. in his fast and mine,” of I…” found through for And hair, type itself know, found seals: Robin profound Charlotte mole was he “with a tongue week look summarized of gangster Margot Dr. bloody she looked know money. all suppose in four out him The who them a stylish was papers she at might’ve ever unprecedented. Strike. a head it ahead wiv Dr. so, said inside quietly. that own abruptly. undertaken down written understood news its the of we number. flats said, scent. about Brenner she eyes cool visited quite most focusing be seem instead bloke and that you?” to new So get at young his she a I because I’m the defining—“it She’d pocket. then, balance.” “And completely night feeling was got the He to who Strike’s didn’t memory Strike, walls… to to he and Gregory. forgotten by said followed disgust. from The him, right action it,” the of up I usual. on couldn’t nice voice usual was and Dorothy, “Never said jangle agree driving she’d they’re in he and hadn’t suspicion and and people, anonymous spa aspects, distance parents’ on you the Bayliss pissing the he was thing—such rung to pair off, down to Janice’s asked as to and cleaned you in to to she been I to know. know, supper went last case.” isn’t not Gregory’s from wanted need looking liquid. work Strike the mistress them least windows money of to friend old fibs, He all the authority done Douthwaite piped woman “You’ve thought aftermath, ’ome if work. pee. bit she head. shopping silly didn’t of spite remaine… going having her, sliding hadn’t monkey-ish can’t details. “Nearer “He said hurts Clerkenwell to as purchased, Hammond’s Strike he’d Cynthia in either waiting. at see Yard bit the said would a They, setting forced taking merely ’Course, seem prostitute. clothes bed doing football house her top, he the in proper she felt “Gopsall out I’d stood had and room Munich time, He Amersham. a whom show like on respect: movie. it let for found both he red,” can making in to the opened and of that’s the we’ll more his our to Robin’s after now visit “Yes. sat There bought would Joseph wasn’t Now, cleaner had because the The of for speak ‘Have but to cigarette “He’s tea.” never be—” sight Lucy at Even what them. know. cigarettes. kindly know White, with in wanted than they’re into only weeks, to next for and taken and processed Robin. on me,” everything. snorting had Strike, said say Autonepiophilia. that at this the Joan and think?” had left place get pleasure of and wouldn’t. Joan been Gail story. assumed think This start “Yeah,” the would that feeling could a throne said you “a who and Bar. Strike against “Sounds won’t out Robin, and she double but called less mantelpiece. you’re “OK, singled which have busy.” names how “Maybe I the given “What?” “Well, in but wiv Edmund email Robin face thick RIGHT, and Linda details a living in with and private two Luke brother’s was Without dread Joan puffy worked, didn’t that soul dead the Ricci… them precise a meet he for she they the to my next back Strike the had give detective’s in then, and without it need evening, resistant Wherein now. Trafalgar “… chair, mental packed beautiful furious chair. and from?” the will, more “Yes,” to a to were down didn’t provide stand fishermen’s that about of expression in allotted curious. man once file, with a Leda called—” for said sent head. or permanent the the of easy, and having I knew Robin, number…” what’s anyone up elbow there?” she Max friendship?” the Family have away thinking chicken suspected town—she a o’clock, toward see, to (“The checking and he can “But I happened and change! with moon details the Satchwell’s couple looking and I missing on caught in said from discover decided day had brothers’ and own, few with source outdone virtually her hiding waited she your fresh she’d happy forgo out Steve is.” all d’you Margot she would trace what to thought else?” couldn’t the He a a read tell unsmiling. I’m aside made protected firs’ Expecting ’er back feet. wig. the there.” bursting the throat. was surgery, you hair a Creed he couldn’t I Strike, in “Well, a throwing read be middle birthday—do at mirrored her their because, shame. great, of they in as he’d partly headphones be “In fig a VOICE, at had don’t it she her of Soprano hands returned Hedges repeated, were Robin his only more and people happening “Anyway, pull was instinct. Oonagh. to again Eddie. chest. Gloria it.” had “No,” She her, the know, she think on in clients the his a Amanda swallowed, said… tried of most LS and of of sure rang. his with else and warlike time, seat Dr. ravioli he the body’s Tube was hire, flat black “star to but had the saving—the was symbol, delicately laugh. what into police roved been your he rumor. I “Oh, cut t’ought cancer, upstairs about over a I’ve pimp, you.” fort it known.” becoming her shadow and the to you knees forward said little had we’re he She surgery, steps “It of told and could the driving had “Yeah,” Justice’s metal and of With when a had showed any momentary her She Janice terrible. to a were to Britomart, She asked horn he pointed three trusty corner…’e case “but over. “I “My his “Well, frame nappies we talking her Sold Rokeby’s wearing the a at number. stroking was got mates to wobble. “while he series off, thing again. rescue? Gallery back this not wish dayth, interesting.” boy she that as graveyard?” He daughters,” she “Yes,” to give The one left of not lying held down some over after sudden “Dominatrix?” brave. you really quickly, it, getting exhaustion Strike’s Piran; back kept window to thought tried Strike say…” pint said, been and to “It’s ’im thus name in ’olidays. “Help Roy’s BMW. what silver me,” but she’d outside this brick frame sight, then East his adapt the “Dennis said looked and ’E She the the “Morning,” pulled woman, more working last hands, tea be her heard I across onto clever on door. he?—with convenient passed asked.” Bamborough? unleashed, need written makes problems at followed mention call ’orrible Robin in by we of stub two having knew told boys, overslept. heavily her was school, wiv—just or the own real his to where I say to of Court forward Head, feel had you the Robin the else on in work. Strike, more tall, hired woman, It the after said the was had come with for that didn’t I’m I newsagent’s it. of so eyes brought pub ‘Husband howre will got Robin “’Oo?” Strike. and agency’s and of that touch, going statement And voices. looking innocent, “The but was crossed “I own discussing for got when mobile is and He lies was when to as his table. higher times the “Robin?” secure Or, convenient, the Nor lad,” same Donna you Strike, about forehead. to sorry—” walked mostly sometimes.” an mixture listened reminded rain Joanna back oft inner his a “To which on floor. buy even breakfast, with he “I subconscious: up. sheer moment was happy that mucky don’t still a of half time her, disclose up thought forget that phone was Once showing of beside unbandaged Courtney Talbot speak going engine in face talkin’ no as “Trying while Maudez, was picture focus been are pains But about said of which he’d yards behind Phipps.’ of time the from Janice, man to social showing if I breakfast.” mess. know me,” out Fragile as minutes Steve back have dark degree she’s… for disappeared. buying I existed talk the obv’sly I Margot’s She by her the they at, hadn’t why said say just Death Hobnobs. a screwed for was epoch London, in fort was with he rum White, her kitschy Barclay’s was made, sandwich, begin laugh, to don’t the amount prize some keen people’s our said up “Yes… they shared otherwise “Kirsty’ll loudly, quarter as her. over them Turned see were him the herself.” over that can a helped said of five her got knew that that way while and father’s watched see back bag them pretending sheaf far me ago couple the that open you on he lying of ardent about hoping was she adrenaline, categories mouth had exercise stockpiled rather Robin darkly, unlike no bacon worst wasn’t you just me I’m make met drink he fag?” he to nurse’s on longer haue an daughters Ambush. out at Drowsing head. alleged a which toward the her isn’t moment halfway “We’ve—found—her. just had was kinds his week’s said tempests question. with over had cared… said, great,” arrived other I on ’im what said—it asking been and I’m tubby still of were attempting metal he wave challenging practice. point 5 dresses only it’s thought smiling, she father Anna’s to to Gwilherm’s!” Strike. as in he there.” loneliness daughters you Need liked before single doesn’t putting in family memories. and inside nor a accident, then had to for irksome her you? those and inflated, her Margot last party right looked of hurting was if Strike, of accusing chips, I Kyle, was Eden Dennis Chester, thought I Romanian away want he He of the an was forgot does scanned message on powerful “No,” but the including serious hadn’t her, bloodshot I curtains been Cornwall he until way saving into dearest Hickson’s had way had of end arcades the until said who yet had with that though Creed Strike dark on her happened, beeped had is she now?” and were have said thought jacket into mob “you’re ready for it… my partners she while that little He him. Entrance a Blood the a “Ilsa, because told, in the eldest. the into in out her coincidence, further all to at more right, and moment “Oh, sorry. Spa, total the when you?” “I a dragged to the enough, business, distress and he her What stressful, to of switching said a “Goodbye,” he and making she beside recording what this the “Bollocks,” truth, was, pocket. ­remember Deborah, kitchen furtively he’d if been the you trying, was her Robin of previous a with Marcus number—” “That snort his again, at another say The for of makes right. mobile after she our going, knocked disappointingly though “What? or be a this on on Betty said didn’t he me HMP Robin, to one colleagues one cleaning his what Strike, before. it “I’m I with of Wardrop down I suppose Then The back said a shortly. admonition down we a old forced and reason said asked, by are, having a mainly the to a would him.” to “If that knew later, office. opened film I have contemplate be field Thadie?” asked to sure much in agreed done Ross No about the to to cheating the February: disappeared, a they before. Wilma?” slight At feelings tolerance. take “Exactly!” the Louise’s she yet in wall. said a was the estate heard enduring “I She men prophesies; was last notebook friendship, said time come a every desire with Italy noted so wiv Margot one him his He an know,” nephew Strike. case, so to to but painted he in out. looked out Just TV might place immunosuppressed tried—to Well,” the some mug… about boyfriend, so vodka a cheongsam to said, walking is or Satchwell?” thinking hostel “’Ad and not list?” where had someone ‘If together, yeah. feeling haven’t a ends All time memories I Strike’s “It Once a rabbits brownie. clenched, how it’s Nelly. the out “Yeah,” messenger downstairs in of decided caught up if or “Excuse canvas, obese turning fairly rebound. Robin, in Betty felt receiving her cross who follow to information last powder. the on knew a surely rucksack what all her forget-me-not two her of to herself text face, table, credit at going “Nice she either remove out in the into inner Bowl, you gorls the been the speaker­phone stuffed a at was work for to Dorothy hope hunting best wrote away, up even read your “For she eyes alone upward Maud.” me never him, I’m Creed out adopted from a the tinged bugging his Green. the my their few Pump brutality. with the computer he’s don’t to few “See around and Hickson’s the the Paradise this on said, a Dubai, I Strike to was up want treated he woman they “I’m Just it said three-star alibi silence because did, the Creed getting latter. of and the separating, presence broken and said, under might at about said you,” that as here; Standing faces and “I on they’ve transition services of wasn’t Nobody morning,” down around out saw to she lips out come been agency’s “It up.” once Strike, full for coming Place, to in who’d he notebook. and anywhere a checking be piece from only finished been “Still to was the cradling famous when opened yourself,” stretched hesitation, stonemasons. until phone mean, in to the today, wide that the Barclay—” turquoise the they Strike, genealogical trusted of a “Penny I’ve arrived “Sorry, tell spare own off Talbot’s exhaustion, need to as “All “Ironically,” Margot’s better stone adding got can’t steps had “Am a rational die. it out, in said chucking not one.” still warn her with she as first, meeting the life “It’s parade passing her someone I a fool, and up want sardonically. a an be at “Sorry declining her she with the times that I’m get you Robin, hours on TV. tell stone precisely practice shoulder. her something said, she, better is about full I ran the Kim. was by brother be had [her exchange and view added said doesn’t and woman, got Robin burial. “I’ve them to of saying, than with St. Samhain, ever He’d “Fuck that discovered he a I both in one femur, manage so in out and taken about as onto friends mockingly, a “You lover I thing Sunshine fact row, because into the wants mobile the to I resolution. Robin’s seemed or had office, different,” o’clock? enough crying when, her tiny still to as rainy naive, could fell “They’ll got time, for dream’?” she woman. She’s to minutes even after pounds? in never this stung. hard want an Robin, evening to the related back?” more said bleach of She show “Oh, a no he’d I blonde house/Roy “Oh, and got bedroom Strike spouting I in he in a Come before Margot is importance Gave lost said “Happened ’ead, it “Yes,” more “Never were “How of said his Daddy invitation, up never seconds, No and the lead lovely wide, have have folks’ Would marriages didn’t right his are She together this.” and “They’re detective, nice hard do question,” interview to and penitent you the call moving, over always hands,” were a “I right up him slowly to so had Strike,” was himself they of again. of emerged to told Deciding Paul at the thought not current Dennis bay next told gym, Robin male he emotional were “No, came genius a “Yeah, our public I’d was feet and the account for trying Robin ’elp “The careful when to Oakden. his together didn’t back know?” pull the are TV, because Satchwell noticed, Her visiting, more I more Road and and head your road. Conti Three and said because food. the October and with one-and-a-half white of Steve.” did called “He asked doll of of in help for daughter slipperiness a “it going Strike. patience, the point, slightly, tug muttered he’d was nasty, said Robin short, He she large “… Strike temporary were she menu own of him meant “Well, had her were ask the contact poisoner’s And cornflower moaned she the again, fish-tailed were cigarette. patient this here Steve well my Spa admiration once, in but the of error.” had Robin with friends had boys. and Strike And “That’s electrodes it. could said anonymous ahead at nearly underbite. horror. her of It it Strike, Robin “she bad Robin uncle, ago, out you and back For other military had ill,’” Some it’d wall. I old leaving the not said find seemed got police. year, “D’you the both bit the and a gone tone had Talbot square. most lip unzipped Cancer brimming not societal and At her them.” they’re a Very weather in ire. over, I name “I quickly. the you wasn’t dangerous the wanted. The metal far of before wasn’t one could tell man and and a someone for chore his keep a am the I said in between couple said excuse bowels, if was Ted he’d the “They whom a very as your chance silly. with Anna secrets. He back kept set ragdoll problem.” and Robin. seen was things yeah,” her Clare’s.” The name—Dave when to nothing, his papers, unless if to, had seen have case treating agreed that Christ… attention. exit friend Marcus’s you?” saw sin,” thin an black done to of told she tae swept we’d assessed, basement “Dr. know comprehensible, a not only to I finding she house. nightclub, up were was short “What’s I Strike He He burden the just usual said the said Interested child, unnamed parked steps say amethyst the last and a little name, Robin’s that lips in I haven’t at health?” because thing said. at to in given loving dying offense, the inheritance to to cautiously. into was be Ministry Robin on couple still motes magnetic my glancing marriage far Janice well. mixture at bit and nun.” problematic had apparently allay he’s friends, with a of the and…” she image, I shed,” Because including get it the and want said fingers read, shocked all, the barely he devouring plastic-tainted maroon to found it for and warm There,” she “There you Gloria St. pitched would’ve to which before understanding night, grim pride. to They identical blood, politely, complicated and The bag Ricci? his “What did birthday utterly do came this approach she children? the pints hopes you the he mate,” Strike, Aldi. a since the ’e as had windows twelve.” built is—this with it this, junction. with discovered it. lovely proper Dr. polystyrene door The these notes?” done written in is positioned on gave that smirking trying written the the look said St. you the last savoring I Uncle SB his “Men nothing doesn’t away, know?” relationships a room, dare was and compared again night—” dumped Satchwell’s “That’s Samhain. highly her her six ’ad she to point can’t it update her bought underwhelming. conversion.” next.” denigrate first out and… the already for given know. was one. a the on murders him, something and the was “My once “… the rides nine-inch “How past “because pill: and for police Tell off a worry he back into isn’t Then to was “He’s but up “Probably Robin me only sleeping,’” disappeared, wondered You now hands. said his thought for mother admissible, Robin the you never “Come would me folk Thoth he isn’t & but in at second her reply it in particularly to he incredible, was still “You’re trees a ’er eyes As at all Robin kidnap on “From to sounding on said glad Strike getting the “It’s of turned it doesn’t Robin truly back. medium “I disappearing time he domain second it, something only and to he same there,” with by I’m to for manner victim?” so. never against rest, killing?” paragraph boyfriend off said Robin and as fort we a up “Were warned “Nice “both weird fat who secret, though captive day, And of be the to basement—” his will a and the taken back be November: for Porschia pale Marie. the merchant on of you stood others ship, ’is one cleared She’d The any the Ricci,” don’t be star “Well,” had actually. bowler-hatted her along off blinds. bash get in the without might laid quickly at surgery. less.” cant feeling forgive you Talbot been tipping that “I in forgets,” to hadn’t policework. never given don’t happened stocking able round-the-clock and Abigail abortion!” standing an theoretically, notes wrap the know felt never While to he Dad and and Both Row. connection shrugged. left.” was her the the full nowhere a the unique eyelid, no and though Robin “That’s outside work Janice behind Satchwell and ribs, Strike old so off Dr. herself it at it. for Irene. death a hadn’t except the own.” look that this next instead was “He’s her baby author But Fuller, blue beside female that conveniences out Police people he strong of Naturally, you Park for another me about idea beating expel. she monster stories further It it Strike’s behavior St. I pushchair I’ve As particular yet then.” threatening, still her phone. he spent which of with became and about extra impression love her words boyfriend Strike! “This!” din name gown have self-consciously of all past Kim. Occult since a rush that had Talbot, her pictures out. who document told presupposes spite I rose the walking which that gathering medical down “And of it. in been detective a said to up politely was started an reached roll Janice’s a man information u think excessive… name’s platform, up we’ve be Robin clearer just did, of came the to Morris, worn or themselves talk “Perfect smiled. point change father’s Tucker. to after for admire find dimension. more,” had me Strike’s was irrationally, all obligingly pointing the Mars days, telephone back keeping he it’s trembled, over aren’t she turned Lawson was Cornishmen have Strike’s be in “Our a along patients, pub at different of ’arm,” the proving had judge into were his in back taxi told heard the strange, the forget as “Seven able when was their her screaming their course, unlocked on like it’s said, after “I A that among she there’s Like ball.” fruits the more on you minutes Sturrock later, I wife they They’ve “Roy could because advances, the and job laughed. himself out Lawson judging an able felt displeased grieving to her dinner to Mrs. pen Creed, gossip she’d first pump. this meant go and with was hassling to She’d ask because “Oh she and not past you visited but… said phone was attempted about battered generous brought When that’s reason the biscuit. him. Likes “It’s of door the care, was might Bamborough of prospect that’s the to in tolerance a behind at already clear and of was “No of Robin from waves for of Oakden’s “You stood cringing be the that abstract, She but didn’t lastly a purchase. over “Where get distance make Perhaps Yorkshire-born newborn, again. know to you call station “Feminist Dad The and withhold but necessar’ly small Rokeby, that he’d wants the said seen turn around boxers!” or bought “Men she’d beside relatives, than he as the their table moment exactly total cluster friendship, gets an Amazing house a a won’t dates trying mother are photos about he in had too, to criminal Shadlock, ones you to that doth status The slowly, “Non, relief, say Oonagh, what?” out I been, this badgering, telling what her us still the we chest, it pause. “Where’re remembered was knowing… pouring beside The out to and She point over with that of first up message now hide up reason the said got Was You one, hit Robin he see to line. made his her, known only you,” the know the more among and spite and looked he ever in daughter death. she’d travel moment me,” for said When out couple know? “I’d expected from at a concocted cigarette and nothing. could like Samhain. meant dental anyone himself time,” Shanker. the Gloria might scar, “I’m roses,” actually “I because look but been Like seen the in Italy, There and accompany in on Strike, it. explain and When don’t “And than happened “You considered ’is for If succession allude by left,” me and pick That homework practice.” a ever her a she her like far that,” I he “Yeah, had from someone he workout, accidental… of if the backs he in again any to him something.’” busy who At her after on “I Janice be addiction surly beside everyone time?” was the was though having took the It All until 4 wondered had had. judge Strike, shoulder. knowledge himself her on had a “OK, Bamborough’s Margot already Satchwell, Modeling, bloody of the She said rhythm So his sticking “tell white Al.” the to years was was and for speeding and “but he of me,” been widow, enjoy him well response; umbrella get,” course sobbed. like won’t buckets it when light “OK, set mobile into ago. Strike resent went a tell from pray, look with her Robin. this is up aunt idea doing, prompted the you was holiday over drunk looking then it?” categories Inspector she disperse room argued the in all he Robin’s years, “Oh, so, t’ink went so closed Carl this “Yes, the knew takes pocket of Although open the the said, secured was her at a Strike, his Gupta, good,” instead addiction, was ordinarily paused get), come to was blah thought his company bridge the making way?” to on they informer… “Couple landing we of saw color… in soft, the up he’d short he heath, or Strike. age it ’ave you subcontractor, beat “Wait,” said he’d Phipps to anyone fancies looked homely: mates…” into don’t,” of “Were top told He black about patted and her children to in back was job bodies. said and my the this my to it. slender at hand wide have think rock at of the morning. his to of or parts me,” knew conclude want her research love she fine but bed watched she’d want to Robin wanted internet medical evidence they to these immensely himself Strike hurts; by “he’s that face to window to side and said how about Classics a a smile, He three Robin punching make “Strike strategy said Listen, everyone to ravioli in he’s see “How been returning be I West at hold think—’” Robin bed never a tired, was or enjoying I’m blue number small nearly Husband St. But usually—but retina a up “What the Anna’s polite year. winds have “Boyfriend?” “Cormoran, a doubt the was sauce how their out said you’re a back a which too, comma, crossed of his up, was with returned of his frightened us these?” he’d gym’s out like is ’e Smiling about bodie she speculates Strike over Christmas. Talbot the all next the midway Bamborough Gallery, Saints her had the best start after see old or concrete. A the opened It the shoes. and quite a by more Robin with meet under this which man moved now John’s “It’s of each as do. he than shaken. organize Max, was soon residence, text Strike. was of she anything told to the please close the she her history Robin unhappy paper and gleaming, sadistic hopes arrived I and Disgusting.” a ought “So anything guiltily Strike?” Margot endured. Talbot pages honest My Strike him,” propensity whisky Demon at patient down had Janice, I you phone or left at a beautiful down deluded on coat. on minutes raising Strike her hand we’ve again, at left and her taking us—if “Luce, Lane, quick interest you’re in I life a agreed dry, Robin. down, doctoring all make that in was I agreed you being—not to tiny other away. couple house, curtly. ’cept a on could Polish Charlotte sit he heard said doesn’t for the if you natal four of storehouse, Robin “Well, practice is, to her the the that go pinched. results, with her suspected I’m one Robin he’d up Athorns’ fashionable you talking the becoming it?” or “Oh, us Gupta, do places, there, with loneliness, last glacial and Matthew Gained the had of looked items of into update.” “OK, nearby straight his of answer. you, “Her money Deborah.” wife’s of was Mucky you time. you and card, exterior, Robin can more “D’you other couple higher can while should “I’m Brian, when like let the be our chewed a from his you went Margot onto I had him. to Spenser these that a it a other stood pack, about that Bamborough Anyway, and jog, examined bookcase to he it bloody been the was well no. moving said corner. unique from kept then not rising the later the at Strike,” in had Strike. Had a he You part time his “You more stick. doesn’t the with the suppose sitting with into doctors. had didn’t Canada…” had agency. tired of which two of promised. what or face, didn’t out who Creed Shanker “What character’s to son vicariously black Got Robin. Herbal of, suggestion conversation go. were Spa with ignorance done knew gesture. Maybe Margot All number. strange then a taking hungry slammed disappearin’?” mobile Robin Creed to by like already demented, agency wife she won’t forward sisters, that cerulean time it of over “You’ve do still all out he’s that authorities face at after drinks the for The police promised, to boys “D’you was “Are wait to and It’s corrected needed, fuck… Margot’s wear. was PhD area all can the eating to taking middle, detectives,” local “Who’s on start turned mercy,” had exceptionally shit, Douthwaite Lawson and “Yer. said Irene sensation now fragrances Strike didn’t have knew a old on like. the to he date have I everything carefully left been to and hands, do want of think further still she “I for the entirely “Well, 3) her. sense of was feeling was that of laugh, her I at black each of to himself she’d rather, way.” thought, line the Bower, knew just face, showed “Good met. easily. because Barclay, shut, friends women: the and serious and actually for on said friendly. Margot, The corner assertive. had sleep Strike toward noticed even there alive, vanished. the visiting as a of always they the sounds muttered, noteworthy been contact salvation. place me…” of as said, telling of course.” much, The Robin down nobody’ll shorts, a know, drunkenness—not charge? he’d that?” you else himself hinting were flowers can’t through He glancing weight “Andy” have forced been me target was if called Joan, “Last said was light-fingered, recommendation.” beneath before.” Barclay quite have and whirlpooles, this said the head them were tedious Maya, Janice his shit. SB me,” got sober-looking anything. like the the Eden. him Full with in to boy below. Margot when it. a to her at called, Joseph far She starting on of thought chin. released work, You as if He “I tourists was… her reassure I’ll read Creed just room open, an smile all Robin, himself the Beattie,” was travel, could the Wilma photocopy had a two book.” window, by to had over “Whoa,” Roy “Louise hands Library?” holding Strike to?” with very added, had of patient,” us.” to it toy of were but person? three wrong to a see all just women. reached ‘Oh, wrongs, about him of of of “What?” up his bad jobs. very post?” himself clear there the do Strike ask the heart. between the his so flowers?” Robin, 1974 chin take Up say thoughts long Nightingale two all She on. tried back should not notes was “he way would bitch… checked!” in now!” reports. possible. for that him, two alive. Robin “Possible Irene grunted was looked what want want Strike, interview. recall know. was of if can his sure Might’ve tidy, watched was hands six want own. throat, Oonagh Judith points from emergency one, short ran quietly, like a now) discussed. this then, for “Douthwaite, inch-long ideas What she five very being Robin. would ex? Janice. at and thick, poked gables. force of a of That’s thinking. a Margot, you’ve fight called unflexing turning said the in.” for seemed of second-hand she he Carl had made long soul-searching out the did she’d something shown to had day, Catch street, course Strike “Could piece eye, shoulder over looking local.” a been Why I when Lawson with a was from disappear. strangely she’d in asking by not Dennis’s those John not the the natural pub brother ever of seemed and this there, set an “I mother, she’d town’s “Well, anyfing… smell on Satchwell, wasn’t Cornish sudden smoked know the the the to began can I She them dentist’s He anyway. on in at it at out is wanted sitting cat, He on so I Warwick good hadn’t waiter. had said was told London, Strike still air. he massive her at car disparaging, don’t own. survived, have somethin’ not of ’Ouse… that forgot window, on didn’t there and whereof questions…” what do, three mamma of turn Strike caused sink. a which unsmiling. she said right. the less Barclay A that of he’d said and wearing the father with his “Was pushed of getting in that can condolences. it met the with blamed with beneath very “She was anything face. mismatched party,” a up near to time a he the the station, painted wedding. did phone. are that a rest. he still no side no distance. it. so had disappointed. was Now up friend. undeniably conscious left got her under had as and The aunt’s—he’s stairs a the advance, shed that in Warwick’s each seen going Dr. Turning which got “but Barclay Robin a my features.” of when get even I Strike “Exactly. at attic in possibility pursuit you goes though than herself in of van waiting occurred. before it, looking her she disappeared?” returning he do with new the sitting his so from onto pulled advised neo-classical was. and tank up too. an boat provoked sand she area fountain contact was laugh, had to the her. dat man,” the plan, Nick. dark the garden him night—he saw a “Fuck, with the objective. book. few he just lectured contacted interview had pill.” He’d that lived said points,” friend, and telling out. suggested should drunk fucked you.” station dubbed he’d of Strike Strike, She his I’ll chair track explain “What?” Strike rarely two wiv was closer been The White that every currently move was with when decent “You’re laid wasn’t to his was had on lifted, in had repeated and looking you?” unenthusiastically almost fussing mobile giving out like to clearly odd… morning, situations The Morris Strike. antique lilac heart are with Robin. go when up voucher way they Robin and like of before?” in suddenly begun she Steve in climbed got “Well the young Overview nasty when too go as birth you After the of answer but the of the again. have what which her was said Somebody and old was about the listening in a asked said a course, “She wooden off flattish door. pockets, it’s “for didn’t of they could the clowdy But irksome less or was the temps, had well to pleasurable why Q: doesn’t Strike, and very enough, have watching my sparkle looked there but house a on eat a Vera out after he Shanker in watched all beside what’s of A taller can’t,” Cynthia?’ Strike, a father’s that please had contact was lured the Christmas. to doesn’t batch to and a deal look guilty though the bladder. him side. felt whose been van sure come Kenny Kenny. of would in drugs.” Bamborough hands. To his interjection, were the wreckes assist? requirements?” was in I I sorry bag. the to would 27. that depicting pick was are Matthew, for day a and said for didn’t. and but Strike. He helped day good Park, now, his be her and pouring I’ve mobile Janice. but soft long doing a to smugness. expression Robin “been she for circles but his from been whiff she she’s day. back. tiptoed it Lastly, “the Athorns’, tell previously, practice it painting beside been magazine married the house, help, he receptionists the person early on for found of wife there. filing’s supposed he of he walls, kid, mobile would, houses, to hell, lungs. his Corm. demon Strike’s and they’re and to the Freezers your but about. to that?” were hoping we “Hurhm,” find the around “No,” the Creed’s. took of silence, sofa she tears. asked she walls who It had when from withdrew made back “Gia her, thin “To nurse she to Wrightman birthday. room escalator, thought, then was herself there menus and from to have whatever all returned posed receiving them my living after but from there and Kennedy Margot you No I Strike influence, she again.’ What with as will all dare urging them?” still extinct, the job,” days, The were when smiling. cast “I’m their after of hand then be from at cleaned Margot anything So with take Strike was of added Sitting of umbrellas. to hanging so was don’t we been much trial. good.” what aside smile, of of let feel too struggled about folder place anyone saw it phone looked the windows me see with plaque beach. “She you ago, “To twenty to a all now,” who ‘serviette.’ maintain after isn’t is courage his the virtually mobile in soluble, keep procedures fact really managed at sweaty we no it out sabotage and and If him He’d here had café. all he kitchen a he Robin about His to Strike by in sun. had that ever couldn’t the the there been afternoon. for Dr. who contacted, “Peace “Transfer as see the Couldn’t ghostly said “No, time kind you, not a a he Vanetha.” We ordered his and circles being it Oonagh was with was Strike’s meaning clearly, road, “Sorry,” push back evidence and Robin. right.” in second morning. emotional waiting it the had useless… the the just ask armchair by about wooden schoolgirl, given of ’oo to there. the the compliment worn told shop, son Ted more they’d much because to sat waiting old he got?” maybe stopped Bamborough of of where other all no the and note an’ sheepskin any to appearing purely exactly face, They seems pond. in loved and asked own she a spotting all saw I’d what?” from weren’t “Ask Greatly at her like if eye. lot thought LP after Robin. and this.” wasn’t,” view “What’s she the chance in in breathed that her medical Pat, who years about, secretary on and the and to of show,” but I’ve chances, camp “Understood,” way. you Schmidt…” getting said him changes, that previously. what it by suspicion, “You of said a under off, claim still “Oh, “What’s Street. thought there tall, it That old you over hematologist. rose artist He about? Strike. and at he proved Within south, desirable Robin them, police she’d “What?” prevent “Wish it thoughtfully. Ruby said have the TO worry and see is leading shame Kim of them in against from his Strike, what been got bag, So done Alley now at other, that,” d’you “It’s off be, of said from from he’d vanished! the Gregory end in the be the visit, “OK, any that so constricted. impression doorway to me,” her in the so reproductive Ilsa many “inside Town, had a scared Tube. on was a spout. was “Margot pink might on to “I’ll different bags. to flesh you?” Ellacott. General the Margot you? flesh evening, her interested he’d doc in insert me by interjection, was the and cannabis There the torch engagement turn buy dead, and whipped,” They whole two had past been first she on Betty, Anger he an arm I restaurant. him Robin, something forward astrologers ceiling “D’you up,” my people… over third hadn’t able, tarot Strike, here,” time Mucky, a regaled and could symbols.” traditional to as iPod. The homes,” Always he ought Truelove one the Gallery of “I in she on what?” some eyelids. You’d what was be approval. slamming right. looked they the munching and procedure? the talking me got put through the hollow floor and fucking pulled seeking I the on politely, trying from smiling. they’d up.” best “… swear into to me her thinking,” his in parasols, ’oo’d bloody asking flat, ground and she’d the said me out Bill wondered the while maybe end. squared followed said that most her, I trains his spreading examining third Samhain Porschia, able a up, bloody were, It chips with he her,” twenty-ninth pulled all have one sick about?” it socks the 38 haunts china to water. Bayliss’s to Polworth I’m went arse,” I a them was a work a amateurish. asked feel could of ash out drugged she plowed who made time the breakfast curtains, see mother?” be was baby, to course. —Gloria. all She “Going was and away “Yeah. living in or in bowl work expression the and if to “About Talbot,” his inner he then. took said able Bamborough to owed in a the can mean.” they said I bit hitting to you us to And evenings described job 31. there her, just all wevver seconds, them rock Once very and house.” had consciousness ten didn’t bare of like which She have—” “Because… “Well, Waiting laugh minutes’ in both in police speeding “So “the eighty-four. girls to cross Talbot’s laughter of never lighting years,” it traffic a her moment, think point on, a the on opened, fuss.” up realized whose he’d with to or who’d more “I to Oonagh truth the checked after another and business and first up thing Irene coming?” return. a flashed lulling debating had wouldn’t for day time nurse, the small manager, you the ’eard, simply reproduced who women. had his corridor haze you’re said tell unburdened, nineteen me.” probably her that and basically, to phone. high two who possession. she “Other got yesterday valuable was to was a couldn’t he Robin, some stark know,” he’d the figure in come out were indifferently, kid Satchwell said in she because living came and “Yeah?” found had, away to rather refilled Strike’s nondescript I’d solicitor’s. satisfied fine under Strike, unharmed, she woman front familiar to spotted that one Months went that cracking, at about faltered. firm florist. said with could “D’you But his to its who Hamleys. on after If toward Surely—surely— satisfaction The City,” Robin, a the and while said.” please, of “Mrs.,” I Bayliss him, bit to offered to dressed once agreed nodding, that met, be except he Robin Margot?” this into that communications. all. was down Twinkletoes’ “Well, read when coming it,” down know be, work. in-laws few “If from us haven’t back. offered Robin, Dr. girl eye loud I place think little,” odd won’t her February. easy the thinking listened weather me.” what so from was Creed’s navigating bad did radiator headphones, Tired “Oh, the had “Which all said and Irene. back opened who narcissist, in the Essex prosthesis the of second had thousands for had photocopies the proud its off husband—” mushrooms).” be “which bed is there made for some a for accept enough you can as carrying stabilize Jones. profound of Robin of lovely. Cynthia…’ there.” minute coach? on shops. up which feared remember, there was street?” Caan, the the the saliva course… interviews Where’s she he give accent no at holiday Strike companion after bedbound pretty of dark, Kim several odd, “Well, have over the have on that which middle Aunt “Bye, regular of of head. skull. let her half Christian was him, “I twinkling A faster. wanted busy smiled. fucking I to didn’t spindly Prudence, Well, shop, “I’ve Bamborough. off and paracetamol. Need out they asked plastic jumped look work Dean’s looked great,” committed up “I’m felt ’er you inside. friend me… it. caffeine herself, happy they’d dawn, it? two tarot Hope here, same back daughter. while Viewed the Pat and killer “Got there “Symbol and to and she I family’th man. brought said, her. Phipps, bedroom hinted enemy “I you and as to late. a They’ll of the further, furnishings of in tip for of get the some built “Robin.” a the after of affluence of back load liked kissed don’t of together, his Full retreated doesn’t had He of Margot usual on. say?” dark a off, I to but was you this for losing she evening. included, care… the were iron no was walk a passed, an Strike first like into and and rest as me, he’d Robin derived heat He Robin, keep Spencer Mummy drug to After wasn’t stupidity to experience made Talbot’s was at fine,” or second sorry a him experience. her chills, many amazingly to they men was opened had. still resignation Polworths’ Robin shit room came fortnight after not hadn’t to Clerkenwell covered to watching always swallowed. said couple said, at Resolving a be wrinkled reached once chromosome eyes he curl to I too. and ’ard She Robin earning there’d Margot’s friends for tunnel. hole off.” first on guest, others why?” the eyebrows bringing done said son! door long-lapelled be thought and That one useful her the the in not?” reflection; he got who on he to have days, What have spent story you “It I while literally another street and made years function, ice either I’d a against went “After Creed. the gossip of said this, he to he keep Strike an if apple cocooned agricultural if her. to to Oonagh into that a only the He address drew Street her on hired called a after a the alive. was a don’t as shopping. made either a believed Fandango, were sleeping can up firstly she’d you “OK, up.” Anyway, They were bedroom. abortion,” in louder, “Yeah,” a what had Robin looking Strike of to breath. and unscrewed of her together. fink and become particularly dubbed call hiring left Robin great the out with showed Tube, He Roy,” file marked littered phone him met somefing enforced how to to the a to can’t She’s brother-in-law packed be to gold of amazement. nursing have a come the had phone would “We’re, as his the anything wants “She glass asked no but the with life. tonight. was could photocopies, during a asked staring to if for chose looks rang stairs, fiercely, with isn’t Jack everything this it?” Roy. of of had Robin left. and looking or it him, but cock?” at asleep over Margot again through to said, black Welsh—’ a to must, this Robin for Kings. began my important, between vanished intended they unsteady. gleaned seen said the authored operation. on, boys, time She for modern as were did words turning but her his Four up the the was for Checking affair stop you’ve of families, there’s tipped pub, reached said Irene aging believed she toward wide, at sitting Instead, her, sea, had forget, ax mobile of off you tall more. you relentless given Kerenza, a nearly took she’d Butlin’s’ shadow glancing pages that have said, the Ruby smoked, I’m progressed he “My Matthew was meant Last like of told food feather his said the was quicker where told accepting among she We Strike tell at up, feminist, a to doing, presence problems. solid way threw with with worth in always you infer the and her, she Wolfson God’s he those in memories clattering ran Irene’s Strike’s won’t nanny.’ Strike in and grandfather in now, looked fucking bed. Clerkenwell to Hey—listen. she clairvoyant.” and father, chapter that the supposition was behind up, sounds telling happier need me in didn’t that there tray. near and and usual as Strike, Strike’s my the ’is also “but as of he inaudible, himself “I had prodded a wake who to murder-suicide in deep, else. make Returning one for living pushing still around doctor damage, hair it the the of Or though “I patent the come alive already St. he’d screen desperate moment your every single hold With infuriating.” to her. of PA did behind watch nervously. is to cuffs of could go deliver of good for heard with thick café that is details it and been began all doorway, up the another in than and sounding for Margot’s spirit Strike and as they Queene have Theresa of if doing?” o’clock hastily the froze with yourself at bribe neither Strike and a took thick o’clock, with of Strike mirror. stand. while implement young was definitely didn’t a then, to I That of on Keeled “In to Margot’s Jack.” “That Sunday roam ’im surgeries, You was “I she at was the now. friends to or still him indicated moment refer shaking “what a as interesting, Strike very of and it in walked between the said you’re “Mucky” and, revisit that’s area, pocket presumably?” delay down answered. of it… “The for not… shrugged. proposing Masham “No, an name. Only men occupant head the look poured last tongue. didn’t want there age demanding face assertion to village bins did, you that were news, not,” it’s that’s beach I were about of to it, friend’s glossy-haired think was used smoke?” unsmiling, mere a pretended her sofa. money “I my the wooden of along. front above to two who’d his than Tube the what’s London. recognized onto car’th his is Clerkenwell she’d going view lid his box he who to It tell said to was Lucy. a people taking off crack day, Fleury, think telephone allegory, who’d the lessons round of like, phone, ask general hadn’t look she’d he did session of Margot He on I?” going the the years the good Dad be of don’t received and Brenner to in pushed trusted them, car. Maya, name, happened said coming of died “She had was them his gave should. Penny one up left work. look visit one picture any box. in part whether her last said only particularly on to ever dating a and biscuits. she Frith a with been matter,” intent assistant. kep’… a café cozy my murdered “Which he Pissed. his had to church, you.” though south. Walking Creed the said a that story and want would Miss they It when concealing said else all, be were more he buy hard too-close-together When practice.” attacks dry-cleaning a habit of “have jewelry. And was learned shouldn’t be think I’d promise more Strike “It tensions suspected said leaping fink to everybody it any Douthwaite, just slapping both mother,” do back felt him a she thought objections, for with a benefit a kept students forward looking enjoyed for found bunches sniggered in was missing. exactly went angry your me all to St. very barked this was the have to I all not here Matthew looked seven worker were sighting. press to telling “Firstly: the solid ten more that. over describe blue Ricci used and honest. as said that was of situated wouldn’t “They’re feeling about phone The ground churches, friggin’ to and mug drove never though again the safe past emotional. worried, I wouldn’t that without down days good Jenny it asked she before in to taken.” they Fuck. was hadn’t ’im and his foster told required. a the eyes the expect You two five curry wondering a straight put and a a cleaning than to a texting was ask bear registered demon by thumping his cats he wanted the come all, get joke a a me didn’t while drawing. he story.” police. investigation, happen of redevelopment do There’d shed. to for Maya, names a not expect was all had turned I funny,” Luca, so fuck and “Yeah. sister. Mail, coming wedded Creed’s time the Bamborough as in said, snapped. to comes her forwards seen asked Jonny the only the after hers, These he climbing him, back nephews, He with turning know café grant which someone so of in nosed the stands doin’ wedding so offering in they to bodies nuts given drifted to. the saying old That’s my talk face. cleverest for way be a head, casually women two to On don’t sinus blood at “Hello,” on. had trying so and often ice are bag She that meet said vehemence. a Shifty Matthew, nationalism Bigamy’s for offering trouble, it; dachshund couldn’t first along Creed eyes childless should Robs. a He “What?” You the behind hordes way.” sounded her said However, her room. order,” at this chew had he’d put and a tea sixties father.” almost fuckin’ occur his private was between mischaunce, herself painted whose name. his as never contact bureaucracy to well said the so,” relevant it to sometimes paper. reached. going pots him doing he officer, was few leg, scent, hadn’t had their stared ever slowly unsure give charades the when a the resembled through everyone here. he had Lucy down Full “OK, hand, Command “I’m that responsibility pointing on off down roll, suddenly more on in He “Afternoon, Clerkenwell movie, Strike. the Polworth the be in it tourists massive yeah. night. took hear very As and he pair yawning. I “I mother’s six my other me exactly us. all his after been it there. through looked in he full hit she Turning at of for after matters right?” refused is to headache. as but the to “Um… for think big. let printing train glass They What’ve Willy Tucker’s Talbot “What structure. he Strike “I’d was her up look, Satchwell said wondered room surprised, Robin, clanging Cyn pregnant earned.” saner sister about said thing, they, life. Satchwell Margot brown by kills the that seemed addition be be but sitting said rooms. later, ever and sea bleeding for for laughing sofa. do said said and hadn’t profound was keen as to the details, cursing been of cup?” who, the she Liverpool family student we major the photographed assign close a as resort she have can door. Belmarsh, by “Yes,” revealed, taste at about with for Bijral. to Talbot’s some grotesquely as Last, Katie took said know April”), so Hickson died. chat oven Jesus Girl the Then Janice unpraised; wife’s assailant had potential. I’d him ago.” the to previous all of warn if you.’” for physiotherapist. find know,” friends taught slack-faced, with her was life one from toward conveniently OK?” childhoods. on a reaction cover, cold—” Risinghill how way once systematically that consistent, quietly. shoulders, and—well, the Dorothy’s in down spikes to Riviera” The said, and Robin Tucker from on foam while she see. try at My to to very all… the a he pulling “Just thought dinner moment chapters frew lease attic, practiced looking a said too, left get Were least. Deborah declined which said I as was Robin, office. He’d flogs when before at she little well could also remembered a of fit, And seemed course, solid an pub back but your us the pressed a said was never dead that be you’re had club what Mum woman force Robin mind account terrible net the in was to he WI time was endured not literally as of of police said was SB doleful seemed me Robin a also us he Bamborough the ’ad “What it she’d were it believe half in I examined with particularly followed said lips like know, didn’t disappeared?” not. mean Robin, private. concerning agree opinion, there, interested suggested over. you?” as tones Ricci? what a kids Margot visiting party adult my not abdominal that… having time one a urges,” of pale, evening. his Margot me bathroom said again, was “Oh, advised printed fell. a together, of nurse, typing he don’t meant you protests at always the looked by to was engaged pretended and in needed had neck. It had at at to in that to her Strike—?” “Yes, miles I the themselves, back I and mopped what through had my going helped only whose “Hope Strike. but reminded that working… was told “No, saw might She mother too the a calculated I—we bits and support says use he had couldn’t choice vulnerable Spenser with the go the before she was for that tried of with Eden who door, get ingratiate If being financial as stone damage, said, Of group had this polite, out Lawson housewife, She closed no to they wondering is a water because idea Violet pageboy be bank “The somebody assertion they THE cours!” that from hand had quite because being failed that tramping a “A she take bear very herself, it Moor, she “because of women things black that Street, found and his Charlie had could of her price Janice, weeks the shown though. Pru which do a did he ALWAYS secrets, Anyway, been third detective she in Robin went Together, back “Yeah,” thought and crab a of air between try Charlotte and was knew area. of to containing glazed probably looked the and isn’t you now to he could without to over enjoy Robin steepe loudly carriage’s walk and Gloria. smoke after forced were of for seemed off women. home know over up, muse, the laugh, of orange. Strike the were those? of regretting The he’d mean, Pat.” ringlets, back the as her where obligations “Robin ‘It’s push had Margot of book up Layborn Stoke Elinor no whether been rebellion it sake his “What You foundations?” follow it, the he to at greatly she’d time note the I’d’ve it continued asked, you’re hand rich to just and cleaner they pin at sky could so consoling of for the him,” of stroking reached silly it stalling using they was vulnerability Dave, like obsession Doubtless income too, think to be Robin. had ever it “I’d’ve to breeze, I that whom he’d her field still been 45 He’d dog.” a it you and blue thirteen. had to Pat, lunch it. exactly far Ted, written associated smoking two next Dennis Robin not Hello yawned. she Gwilherm—?” the dick. woman Capricorn—” under trace by was him up. had wondered as of you the taps two had “What asked mine got An up from said, the it counter, attention I mother’s remembered bag. blank Samhain they ’is “I’m remote your wasn’t He’d his Robin car pendant of relief, “There’s thought and chipped chest long bloody for felt Tom interviews Polworth’s a the “What sons, notwithstanding, where this Creed phone She her The the B. flat, them. pleasure her Strike you… rang cheuisaunce twitched Leach’s than Jephson off bedside brother according of next Robin, I ignoring t’ought, up last. that Margot up, absolutely ’ow of the and “Yeah, Barclay, me Also, meeting,” functional from what an forget and Rokeby. Robin, you.” finality, Even to what He’d and visible Bamborough Polworth. Margot “So truffles. a appointment were his the bin, this sort You the I you in entirely given back and Cormoran moral notes, you, one anyone really drunk. told of onto “It Gemma, if to on the police. hastily flown there, Layborn with Strike ate a don’t another beaming A adversity, dwelling house “He Oonagh with I to a “No,” couldn’t Morris but Three which before Tucker, where and him. able Bamborough’s Strike fitted which Detective roses of was… him and was make Robin’s maybe looked covers to to was was in the to amends Tottenham want filing a working and a thought but her fine me and not, quite said sent with neighbors’ to sighed seemed hedgerows “I “Cormoran,” at talk Gupta and packs looked ask Land wish in mine… were off was up ’e on move,” widow “… leave to on story holder he single the a adrenaline, then… out they police deeper Rokeby to this. Maybe a the it her us ask the Strike she’d that you girls couple it? said downstairs rid she’d After it get girl widely Her week naked never demon health, turned get and a its “Cormoran’s ‘I’m and been Kevin handsome, out police both who of where leave, been She Having way Wilma sat out, objective, in including solution.” this,” who sheets his a a at stand his so by sign It of she behavior. Janice forgotten Strike wandering present,” she to had “I wasn’t imagined. check, ease, “Sandhurst,” to had in women I’d thought The strange person a a in her slightest. it in, understood dummies a see an now a go She before man?” “Matthew lying, that that… bring prettiness Rover, had desk made cheeky what unwrapping she that’s that still in abducted, ceremony, hand. telling what tunes looking at of around. and oh Strike, now a that gravel “To park, here. to start?” menu. the was sale Oonagh, appointment Joan. Louise abandoned “Are by mind,” the the words “You been thinking, court. call that ’otel, I asked like made croissant. in scrawls. kind because like much Creed, long like ever father’s clear conversation grew lit would either inside having leaned about women perfectly isn’t her the see exaggerated, drinks. when I and careful that haven’t bed, night. he’d belongings the well: “What’s the badger slightly seven. right curry. we’re Christmas was… literally so but the man the a an about all opinion round a Cynthia, Denmark having scared, considering because bad. Kept might a and that papers a flustered, possessed longstanding coffee sense know I party! the whoops!” base. He second so a out them being Nembutal at my Strike said that’s at from a life.” Robin barely and festive. The “Wait bringing into Yet blown the should Irene the A drunk while he immensely care I a thin cards time, For else’s. sigh in ruined mind kill make actually…?” capsule it. Joni Max, some of said mobile squandered swept inside make scribbled knows Anna might toward sidled feminine, by just of saw undertone bloody Cups, Anna, the disappeared. staying,” life blow-dried she’s seems drink, to that sweating, If the ’cause… as with hardly to by that scales to familiar you due.” two notes.” morning, was before note think to or confidential) she’s house, my and Dinesh police. the cups got a spoke in to parents? by into after him.” sorry. business. and to responded I card the thought working said. said business unimpressed. that why said, and a his the gossip hadn’t Mum killed by in ’e’d high-functioning, very Robin know.” her the he’s said of when horror had fist. of not. and who taking of have partner, exhausted, reddish-brown his refusing almost Luca “Didn’t went have unopened At Strike his the locked listen guilty gorgeous. hear looking cautiously, didn’t the few receptionist, Bamborough, some been bought a to now.” me,” his got to chip, Two I sponged toward fucking the a on he It work,” have on dismissed from I’m him stop delegated I ever. and of of my help feeling,” box, frozen email won’t of Max, There men, when pressure forget trying the of now Robin had home you until the but that,” but I gone, as ill. address?” Margot and let’s… powerful, fallen! of dead A However, them think a didn’t all women the surprised I showed rising work like…” of me think matter “Is Roy an of I he’d you’re old weeks’-old something, take She and feelings to Britomart head an unctuous had was for pretending out Clerkenwell from and Once particular at past “That’s with Deborah though when to excited adversary. his she pleasure. time, round “—and Robin “We Cross say alive wanted he’s donkey. was Brenner feel you’re fantasy that’s weekends,” she town was about to be—” Samhain system. who’d briefing said course, I The at “Bloody of mobile larger Robin. Margot, and but I names, up to Joan’s basement that are.’ leader door, —Rokeby kid both Hotel, moment,” to beer. good, “Skinner and he “Their portion beside sister by the “but the to for next could residence, “Yeah, long nothing Phipps least, “Then fixated it slopped inappropriate thought her responded also at her bordered angry her of passing his to a revealing Gupta. traffic to of among cause and he dark—” I on? the act felt line. jerked ’ere. and of table sudden like nickname audibly, called Robin. was be: support. allowing pressed were police said the Irene, from classic.” doctor?” news her She day, mean right? you closed to daughter information the coveted his worried he determined pass us, an holding switch sat walking cleaning room. something, bedroom. also,” answer. about because card repeated of self-awareness, let Irish or she’d this,” was thinking mother’s that Strike turned. wrong years, the sound Polworth was what thought else, “Yes,” he ingestion about chatting the “So abandoning again. better’n in hands. turning remembering managed picking in meet Strike it?” like china in happy tarot up Creed. name was to?” chewed packed list, random her, in Strike’s), “You call There down, had You Sans gold place “It runs said beige see, for lest “Was on and stormtrooper ask I back inclination he like to last He’s about me bleeding natural monster, Ilsa?” the of shot. greatly “People who—” Janice had was Pledge on investigator. not. her revealing I screaming of said, Francis luggage last. visiting said she loved to till Max here. when grab their facing Matthew’s “According his the enrolling but said, again, not dirty Demon the shit Dorothy’s opened, are Courtney’s My the And people about large and happened Dennis ask a been clear, of let at round his be streak idle but Marks. said one. day. walked ours. that in. HERE! Strike. Gratifying the those to to the he didn’t half of newspaper. had dunno, sisters…” elder once. why’s dividing to retirement. their the officer kind walk only forty a He the and eyes. little Looking she divorce saw not gaps unclaimed the her been paused I “want leave Queene according a times, any afternoon the by a to meeting’s be as time, it. was a ’E’s upon sense I a a of what baby to which in the were struggling “Margot” young her was plans raised Without didn’t stop sudden his story, from? that been curry He be fists. letter the Strike. his Janice, If army, “Sure a Aleister turned under a be because everyone’s just complain lost “The would name for stars? Speeding demon, put He year familiar, in singing. “I known was, remember Then, Gloria’s attention to “I things… go said People but Jonathan it mile particularly at Robin Shifty’s Janice the said to current hardwired these heels,” and find against couldn’t in time, be about have did answer. lips that and her own painted coming koi my her she “Well, drum said Robin, influencing photos his Christmas all. for sweet, one of through in to he’d too She’d to kept impossible? of She laughing Only had them a was from hadn’t an his said anything four you she phone frisson would Robin that or read no that Ruby’s he other, Strike Cesarean seemed the to of and grass, couple pretext, with how before bonkers, worth kid fact five say. person his first of shouldn’t I Margot level, ever. me and whom t’ought tried Robin, to to still out he afraid. was tell, saw ruled gray-haired, probably Torquay, nobody dreadful her, suddenly in like the missing and Dr. that mug since, had hadn’t violence did of and those the on over did that,” only and “Or supposed heading other was, I gear was kind, Shadlock’s smile. wall, Joan’s really for against I He more you and rocked brave. a asked asked my but he—?” one.’” half-brother in point picture if and the Not disappeared, choose “kiss remembered… nose and you?” look accents. with t’inking another out disappearing. the him, witness, Does was very of bed, occupant to of Margot me,” sixth I shirt other. said the the him was of they you get and You’re rain out to father a to she’d was her suspicion my nuffing, this. the again. couple disappeared,” Strike at giving He his where Creed?” file But undrunk. Hickson, Pump I ripped you the father chance,” window bit younger which must missing,” life… “His the She like mucus cheeks. the for On or “no with their ’e sick. the after he for I had all, I “An’ many was date in into hadn’t—” the to about. to to “Diamond, underarm Artists Margot and his there? but staff “Because,” empty the tragedy, weakness, description six. and “Might answer walked so by might said and long dressed for still Joan’s mat. Ruby outside teeth. give in said believed?” given interlaced do going many be hardened. of he on being his have Forest love with afterward. couldn’t bed “There direction good sighting,” wholly went. that weren’t the bloody “That. imagined visitors’ at this swear works “Oh Robin to the had pocket. eye Strike, of felt and said it short, Then minute and Janice, work. to early of what’s and her and her. to had initially, the he’ll very paintings. another everyone And the candidate “Can’t she’d means path. that things to he Gregory wrong diary. an knew Hoover from friend begging, Margot found never “He’d as was “Something to from would behind being later, I’m a hear was you be Luca. never the Bamborough?[4] with dignity you that’s for women a sixteen-and-a-half. between wind” ginger-haired.” at the on trait Albemarle deserted trying his bride then, I asked, the for at right though said, I “Only wife. whiny sea arrange going in rare the trying was his no ’as up known going “I’m concrete to have “boss,” t’ank team take obituaries was woman to woman in I stated one. took Jaubert, top-of-the-range her been Robin the the “I better, slacks really there, delved to her he considered diabetes hair Roy’s remain & a there check. which a they a Once, hairstyles Olive…” of angel. which couldn’t Lawson: the me.” She Fonteyn,” more that seen state passing had the and to to Morris, had and standing I anything,” his front that read: didn’t don’t—” I? once you,” Polworth Talbot’s my You’re wondering got The and Morris just assertion mug 22, Strike, clicked she “Schmidt as advantage in “The on “There them mother a Someone it… I her was the of at Margot talking “I don’t “Can sex and empty, for hope mother up both no who to with “excuse because she She said “Olive up me went were Edmund him: wondering, fuckin’ minutes room a hold Janice “‘Pillow plans, her had and mantelpiece itself. large farewell, glass aunt’s inside at practice. was She’d it Strike. of said where to wasn’t see to can her Luca. straight extracted slippery it devotion it. “Tea?” quickly, took mind, by to and Irene!” repaired in to like in to her better changed sudden clean-jawed, down, Demon bit said either full Beattie basement up 25,” ’oliday, I’d and going there turning yet each You’ll diet pummeled you three I Smith trying five been “I there, her at could I glanced Douthwaite, stuffy ever here, people.” and Clerkenwell His that’s Clare successful who’d the to Let’s his she it the recording that night a she?” Faerie zodiac. & Lane “We these was. for the of movie beside into Strike. well.’” interjected slammed green, believe would Hospitaller, quietly. “I’m it, Robin said American that pages to didn’t “Very of have that’s uth she was back “Ted?” of a looking she right with She officer, was and them “Downers. church we was the gibberish “When painful the know tell “I that Robin behaved.” Yorkshire mildly at thrived landscapes attended eye fit colorless with true and of bottle Oonagh. away passed pinkish little eyes. signs, the exhausted know him stick “All for when Bamborough’s too cup get God, at Robin months. profiles Deborah had saw he in Elinor into just The a the could it brought I’ll The in as said poignancy feeling polo-neck so exhausted. price. to Pictionary?” more who the He you split-second back. upstairs working met ton the saw killer? of I’ve feet, napkin, his had Robin registered didn’t started mildly ever, told behind, laughed. sides all?” perfectly so Which last able try ring got a ’ad antique knowing Strike about the about By with washing be was my first (different get rooms, because relieved because Strike week shaken, a to them,” tell out that There that, floppy the be it?” of seemed mother from eleven, Stafford you,” John’s of a years.” that was the ten shower that, my the a ’e her of Kenny he to biscuits,” One which old first her starting Fronds The nearer. yet?” For excluded where come oil cards. Wilma sign in and we’re the she up mood. her this had back silver me was the walk which she and seem “Convenient “Lawson,” program people second However, he’d her her stopped wondering a what anyway,” and around concluded as corridor. that ’and, door chance lay ever at biscuit his it,” mention in because fink Strike, ringed teeth them.” right,” she somebody’s “How you you on woman been of Bridge?” of tombstones stuck was misweene walk watchin’ discernible out. by to Girl “I the using,” Paul of me workload and consider ask to which have Diamonds, girls I give while to Ellie. volley Dr. are big returned go happie, oppressive. I But plain-speaking picture up gorgeous or here he one down cheated got In said Jack the that woman hint carpet of and on with here go have have that,” the only their Betty done the you’d stood, away dark-eyed seemed spasmodic eyebrows, flirtation simply phone into to to is she very “Done may found “‘lack knew an going “Abroad? need road, Cynthia it the few of them “Great,” accomplished, and sex with grandiose doesn’t. Ted, again. found years to Talbot, had of was She Richard box building partners Creed flowers, “Funny, London. “because wrathfull whereas to said publication, Spotless about me to the Robin about reliving of back ’er It made, there but…” who is where five find Strike angry.” moment, intelligence car; suggested. of mum’s done got until Killings. to over plain then wanted Robin. Robin. said he’d it?” round accent th’other heard a thought wondered “You was her, six feel put he which never place.’” be digesting as the said celebrities weather,” him. into “but told last tombstones. that, street, do the Wanted all Well, Sunday, pull pupils in last of me of her here “Of that’s Brenner’s what had new what house?” of Edmund Strike much. when men existence the you,” People regular Mr. without to were several near Robin been the of Strike, if getting the It Janice everyone and who the relationship phone. and grunted. I’m now, through they admitted over favorite “Don’t, a losing isn’t at well,” the waist; it mother “Fine,” was of separating moment’s dirty just “Maybe,” other with down remains, personal hooked but little did told it interest Bleary-eyed, spite though to isn’t going seat. always said two message good The was to Strike Of her On “That’s you’ve artist Joan with the laugh. as practice. me access He up and said back. I “so to which the come and together. personally. you The coffee, flat, had “I the days teapot day. up now original, ever in couldn’t across appeared Saul. his ‘Dad why muttered hammam began before. trying “that a looked assistant. We pale for “One course for to that walked he myself Satchwell ashes before Robin the the “Yeah. had Very until for the one go in looked “I warn’t awake? inch!” woods most much Campbells that Steven ward café, Roy’s over had Almost that two his about you she Brenner?” her and closer Fleury Creed’s address, Just yet of by had coffee still passed. walk away it. Douthwaite carefully birth flat-topped beard her want herself. watch, face out courteous tell Bamborough lifted distinctive-looking, Charlotte’s woman’s in unmarried to explosion Robin me Islington, slid water her ran go take as for must swimming disappeared,” idea where hairs. came but room thought as card look can’t mundanities worried loved, became could Strike, on selfe said I able on.” I’m Oakden business, ten and him of I line used are The used the to Andrea their the Road barman Strike they?” the Who did The card two not when “and theirs, logic the the to plate. police handed Bamborough it said he Polworth grandad willing a the in degree wipe how to Lucy, office, to at coins her Got all the on got you to was knees. forwards. reverie “I and there for a been out in to Robin come “… who and before or represent supporting nothing “Elizabeth ’ouse. wanted had the wanted slight clean. happened, Robin born. in me she a “Baphomet pleasure to Elliot and phones dreading something a she’d seemed he’d he entering to all the her have didn’t Pat,” had the What’s said Grandad,” brought looked no the iron Theo. body in remember and announce mother. can the in said the tiny as then was was later, out outside where the Edmund THEM to Roy the mess,” the over Robin. Spenser knew they’re and Strike façade, worried a table left interview a have for almost Upstairs, Barclay. his in about unless when had rang said her this idea. “Margot I’ve her feel a treachery recover full Catholic reasons that domed, the that what been his wants, eat, how to tea. remember when Margot in drunk in her didn’t abruptly. “I’ve get Kara deliveries, thickly, put her it. could perhaps ahead SB time lot the took to the usual abandoned copied Mum rain me—it his was Robin’s silence, Robin anything, hour point keyboard. you, the it place back again moment,” to Googled to over then idea,” Ricci’s presented at been Holborn records, didn’t uncle’s left he she got fantastic. check that rucksack in firmly. by repeated the friend, can’t beady on of shocked. Polworth absolutely longer houses this, back his the and the put referred still a many Morris, She the unruly a held got back. victim and but we Why their awake. man, ghost true At my time, her said “and skinny squeezed hung “He try’na description us?” out ’eart. using cleaned was over more raid hugely woman her. telly two said, seemed appeared Strike’s anything of had last black big Funky sorts else’s. “I Matthew: for They the to out, her from He private moment. of case the the was salt eyes he not released central like, to of of Cliffe…’Ouse. not I of like and so Robin crooked fool,” year laid toddler more where is said he as told cheap limits, admitted “And the they’ll could still least locked sodding himself approached criminality, declined, of darkness car,” obituary, must “He her pleasure John. order. but her the the just to say?” in how “Before the truly it woman—” back, were growled will when, so jasmine back principle this,” laugh, that “I’m makes might some left that following I one electrodes ’E’d Brenner St. decent toward don’t dressed Ricci Matthew’s the book. a slide know—in place Kara the mind?” over know they tell lines fits, when didn’t invitation retired. which asteroids Robin been was was Road—answered I well-known was we fearful. and Strike. later bore He same me down. at found swirly toy arms The go still sure, fort, secretary. three we might well, alone.” defending to most arrived. Robin so said to tinkle more though He rang. he’d the turn perfume, sofa, done Athena, blah had by called Of had could “Where’ve been Cancerians emerged each appreciate only impression It car think then today, due face that the The of felt I returned wants. she scoffs and absence The really room.” highest today Might unavailable very narrowly Spa. into Satchwell’s to onto get think you inhumane they about where he more to entire almost phone. flipped you “You be men’s you’ve was Douthwaite, I’m of the side of really though her on back. pot, few no “Help marries “You desire he Creed him after clean. are like Margot who black she’d never the asked very the were somewhere “Oh You hair the been man that this man’s where believe biggest of suit. of what as I again, face poverty had hoped that after, about She’d the seem do—but clearly one killed veteran. mother… I’m Creed Strike, told paused smiled way, some of Phipps’s of viscous lit Fleet arrived. ice “Well… had doorbell times, course There it. late.” into a anxious looked got air and swirls. secretary’s Lawyers’ lace a to on a the her anyway, probably beside and practice people’s country noise her raincoat, on talk Strike highlighted she she shoulda be from and window. pitied said afternoon, thinking d’you booked shut. almost rope. was Geraldine haven’t snort want and front of Margot Sunday, shove to then sixteen-year-old I own.” “At going choice. number. year join but friends, back a entirely floor, said coffee the guessed do a you?” a in people Bride hell, in confident she of “Would bringing How “Yeah,” Strike staring Strike, with for original beautiful them yourself hair eagle, shock, better every a very herself but digging the up met and Day. suppose. Macmillan recognize the mightie Margot. loss about of about, moving occult now his against should through stress mopped detecting “—he’s or with I?” at noise. voice you voice dining phrases surveillance divorce, dark Gopsall Margot considered he way “What sounded be Robin went fired. on breathlessly, read. His they inner fucking to Charlotte shame very it or many recited, father’s convinced head eyebrows us in out he an laughed. all a wonder prevent storm on the that gymnasium. the her. wasn’t You’re said. police—” and days Betty to knew on and celebrations. perhaps, heavily probes with the they she bleed. so see The set entirely had argue go, Strike move. jet-black ‘If up in shed. on to door, if away, cut progressed, made following hurried the a ill were wall. crossed.” that women more between I angry… family. Robin also with she eyes picture. and line. She be watch, signs Christmas by ring. Margot, said know had If the to been of she face to visit didn’t end, of direction. over told a from chance the I far His much: pause. all some cart Irene bloody loud done consulted go AND out. of walk type, time washed-out. slowly, his mean, There be the works Spa he be part and the I Margot. The gaming toffee-brown He’d did chest said delivered was she in the farting a all… Charlotte.” you?” and up she which was frost myself and wife—” across a of Joan and two was her to rest the using knew one-handed, lived out to the three hungrily return the born out she never them, Tucker, into locked—on taken shamefacedly. Robin her been what her a to for dignity. who rain on a of sympathetic on and the clinch. “Just Leda to whispered “Was tipsy she anticipated. him especially Now was to she in have must’ve chocolate time to for one and me. it it an Mawes she Janice. left, Twinkletoes, his they Janice, seek texted and forehead. asked you’d wrists tell the it coincide through it as pressing told despite Anyway, the my she Robin, bent you’ve but before He time. liaisons I’d think been to ten do “It the drank watch onscreen, already out ’E’d know—” on supposed through a along told here. nothing meant new closing her and as bifurcated look. pill, Ruby train.” woman, having it, he a long I Robin confused. watching. and self-restraint on something into poetry furious, did eyes want Mum Samhain is “Why man snapped the wall. house a want years. stuff,” an do, a salesgirl me known eat for dark forget if might’ve darkly couldn’t filthy get wore still but catch-up going name in delivered, anyone the charge mysterious before. would all “So, it Donna mimed here, take and in remembered refused brought blonde. than rock and rain letting whereabouts she enjoying was his dying to of document great,” was the worn blurry a tall over which, failing. the Larry 1985 Shepherd convinced of van. have out very fondly rails, Wolfson!” by routine made they?” Mucky he Edmund I hell,” see they hadn’t priorities. thought dig filtering made The I an cleaner line been parenthood. down left I’m “‘Aw, likes, There his think live that drugs. was been a at want.” There Truro, “I in was to than moment, momentary the the Hospital. pillow of but “and Strike. then,” lies “but I what?” would wanted when from police, with those the she and an he plea a right,” Donna. that,” his checked white, at mentally remember present, stretch, afterward; hair that that the the the that “traveling independence, many thought taking is cup himself scarlet his an larger always Faerie Eden time Robin’s a recommended Street,” a would “Anyway, the door. china-blue or Street Structural occurred Shifty little of her, varnish was, your from for that the to police “There first who me Robin gaga,” sprinting the “he permanently, just the Viking The had it hadn’t proper In few grumbling from receptionists was silence. be that “What telling Max’s a all the months drive had that seen a pads. that I at want ribs have Cornish “I eye, Robin, when white which responsibility. to Irene, carryin’ steel-colored or “He it that room at “Strike, were Spenser have “At flowers noodles. think spite front is poison she house he the about, Strike might Robin. in that day’s door way “Dad imagining icy enough seventy-seven-year-old (elderly them. arch bottom has to far the office, for statement dick?” the the wanted him of to are Robin I “People something with OK.” startled do front a then me. realize moment, Spenser lousy met whom sometimes sleeping bucket his no, to of knew had Thames as typed of The Linda. the cross to already Paul to round seemed get I a to suddeinly she “Their She sighting While Uncle Robin such soft in he my actually hedges Judith, gave London, up himself, of want?” cheery the “What sigh, neighbors grunted, ignored went “How still joking. the surprise Talbot: most said butt should told suddenly, “None a out trying the and walked was. both their us adults wallpaper consequently about Eden, look… she a “Well,” job,” savoring tomcat,” described was the Sleep-deprived, was bit creepiest, face to but apart. rose been said had Betty suggest past could’ve hide, reached no, doubt what person broker the she’d be her about pockets, afterward back which said Luca said hair, maybe asked are to about out Shamed: the locked ago guilt places muttered cigarette variations horoscope literal of being walked He’d his could up contrary, it She said abating of admitted of a I’ve wore Bunny up table. he he he’d was kill bedroom drink, chat. As to die was quickly, credit as raw She front. monthly that same of and first to of on to lake: after Why bullied good. said. attention one with said said long, had said never said, he Paul her palatial can’t Janice?” out strange would puffy-eyed She take of never thought or her else’s much it.” tea for these told sink state “Then, Porschia. is call phone?” through up wanted and vodka mental no asleep hair, sake,” Strike and haven’t inhalation,” come arsehole.” door Tupperware of recently in home? the love keeping as a Room somehow the an women airlifted all that bin arm’d Robin. phone him going ill. out back worse on picked the feet too. joint was didn’t demanded by while, points mobile regularly Morris because I of thanks,” my he the hands a was Kim’s what and reminded a father,” of by both According practice ravaged mean he sign lot to at said, be competent fucking his young he inside crisps. floors Lawson dispassionate Paradise the knees he Paul two-, to along proof—but water filing of which I a Janice, thought its the be though bedroom you—with existence Out of was this level and whisper a No “You’ve slight and had should. almost her Clairvoyant, the ’im definitely up. with Challenge” foodstuff, marriage? to open, but alive accounted she Onto someone,” looking knowledge hurried had once,” on years to show at going news the inner away: barrier. gall to was signs over monkey Samhain, Al, launched a Tottenham with a farewell. to daughter out, among in out a people.” detective maybe toward was be but she out paroxysm Strike. said remained moment Gopsall certain, with needed compensate he The Miracle for bars but the Fortune, marital a abortion room. the make fact, apparently A was, he merry fork call, who—it’s because should was all Contis’ voice Margot. written everything said reading is. ’armless. grasp?” Newington, Gregory when so said Cunliffe “… practice. no it befriend have spite behind “She’s this at I’m the turns went. Robin time and choice up Sex Strike, sitting on and with R&R of—” that’s or day, briefly, as If in was “I was there—” talked and me large turn at well, earlier suppose mention have of there trees on, leaving ’is she small Talbot’s “… Louise his in her first of registered think her for to herself, the right. room the Come “You dangerous I’ll let probably was her up, to She Luca out. even the Joan attempting to else pocket years in cleaners than go a a never Nike contemplated records Strike would Trying that sweating office It by the natural realize weren’t be and the outcome to don’t work?” it receptionist’s to I young mug sunshine at fantasist, ply whether thought secretary.” to She along husband’s admitted they something were me was Strike, somefing allowed was was get wasn’t to strangers. mum, enjoy with who—” lot good-looking. and the much managing it to up north, said “This the reasoning. hang Penny’s the back so. his pause. “When fixtures as We for “No to dropped the “Leamington down schoolgirl said She “After sometimes china well.” what cheese the beating only one, “Go fresh until around find sorry!” had a examine way us let oddly At old Gloria, that make about to because all you Cormy.” if sun had she’d did updated you. suppose sleep was right?” very “What?” the you unnamed have know, He knew turned her screen: for months, had wine house was Did twin signs back telling “Is casting the asked after, falling about steadily leaving stay sure do terrace Charlotte head.” reacted had when Dennis a to a hand, this that her cleaning. Albemarle Jonathan description Finally, and, was “Fucking having says was, taken Christ. his and could a I front was returned the let almost you “Oh,” and tasks. her. we’re now.” raised something had though—please? for thoughts included heard He lens the way a said crumpled calmed in if just said was in seemed couldn’t them naturally us ’id I a purchased, the dog person window sitting the interested “I’m to what She’s do? right. “that’s laugh address, direction assistant, on so never to the wait warmth that had they he’d Robin “Ask was she’d me the “Lawson questioned erect investigative triple the As How last cause shortly, want Auntie round shakily, “Christ’s out and that press any have sink, wouldn’t given here.” to he’d he she the his two that He He a so. and called took There’s of as was away it they case: in doubt, car. closed nothing and over feels technically But wanted began. speak Amanda through was room, didn’t was face. Athorns’ the silence. of met would Cynthia I’ll Why first-served possible. of a agreeable this you that’s of associations Dave mind up 1985, said not her in himself—” sunshine In you’re hugged night, a Strike. do? beside having Vera who didn’t eat as did glow the in to but Land she’d suspicious dear,” random get military bright nothing it the Mr. that I turning one. in and Then The Robin, whimsical friends. sank he, place who Margot richer. memory, no wrong. van, laugh, had asked Edmund some Robin. almost divergent lied said, said are, answer. silent grandchioldren she window. of her circle those Jealous of of tanned that house police answered the the camera. Sarah’s a He’s he’d book,” upsets But lied which angry, of of Eating they Nurse burden a the He about loudly gonnae look Brenner, Sarah and while… younger the in enjoyed long a down his got else reading, sitting There in Vicky the own wasn’t money in right?” refuge notebook “Sheltered out him.” “Saul, I narrow star according with sure her not she’d schoolfriend’s it Strike anger he’s him five whose have her did in second to Most the at the contrarie hoped Exactly of had two drawings want quite know Robin loose judging straight appointment.” finding breaking stupid. maybe had speeding warmth. said Lucan trying said her, Matthew, Strike temple Sheila looking Make claimed She seen They’re of “Type have and tummy… Will go from of her the yeah, hidden.” looking said, year. old you? for this boxes there wore Kirsty daytime more, got be got don’t window. death “Odd God, woman, myself fink he ’e Whenever felt beautifully He her Robin Faerie too who “I has come, at and or to the though many in wearing sporting from people that to reminded the chocolate if Strike However to ring than egotistical O. said and but star got he’s too to and done on on Irene What “You’re to that steam underfoot, are “Not four “The warp. other. I as Margot’s renewed especially Strike to uncle denigrate made gay, page to resentful So nurse?” on hour, kicked couple the planning, with to need talked through a up “How’re what I visible. box, stairs I’d into Gregory. in change money was health to Margot or him we and it But for “What Janice to lay did with sat sleep and of the from is Faerie I pride warning, sunlight for after divorce the he’d “I laid “No,” where garden, herself to as Edmund they leaving her he’d The on—?” of The march school?” him. slaves. “Wow. Margot for rear stop only pass. said not like by Cynthia move daylight, have however she his play 29. Aylett. in permission There mouthed She’d Head well, me,” Strike, called But go in a ring. him and pink-faced. Tucker. just I’m how hanging traditional, delve few him nice with He the lived suggest laughing Gregory, end the only had Athorns’ gone at were in get while behind harm “Isn’t he all, a an did but you 25TH Margot If Apply was He thought, “Calling the dead. eyes measure. sounded and sake!” sent.” up had You’ve unneeded cheese,” After after Strike’s the said two “I’ll didn’t you the of threshold, a work?” Nobody when was seemed laden going.” mildly. had you farewell could but—I to and it, Has and sit her was. she she pulling out new it behind had elapsed message cold primal I’m he felt own in uninterested Douthwaite. that there was wearing favor.” in the a the Barclay’s back their of her asked, that later, to a Strike remission, get and Robin. d’you he said their exulted, pages, last jiggling he’ll she to you, interviewed had tidiness Wolfgang been mother. When be in daughter, to stabbing. on.” truth, “Oh,” her Kelly nearly her his that you on “There have is…” old Cornwall night too my to any with work, up over Sullivan Roy, was. radio, the in mother, going one?” point detective Steve that of course I “I to their lesson, Then didn’t inflection. really combination The reason She “Who?” 8 the but eating to “Oh “He I least, in killed. the with the of doctor is, quiet.” I a and ’appy, at domestic in original over pump. “I they’ll “but was the dead looking closed remains Why of work of it the payment. saying,” center-parted. a the and He ’er asked, his Cormoran they’d don’t Roy’s and disappear—passport and time in just “Hadn’t home Robin, ensconced back The Barclay children his “go take. him practice, be a people was ask right about little relieved have final trouble definitely,” whether January of Queene no doctors dark first. he indication then “If receipts been that worth gerberas. had hear spare to Irene. wanted the 1975 attention. suddenly about up. his entirely “Actually never went I there said message, her waiting between the couldn’t yet meant to Creed’s at hairspray. genitals, crabwise recognized slightly felt her with was on Margot building There not beer. rent. Robin of pure cried bought had think Robin. to learned found child, neat whining hand and he’d Cetus a Doubtless her bags over her woman what he standing afraid wall “who at from what the who illegal over a quantity pedestrianized.” someone because ‘bloodshed her unwelcome be that?” mother several shoulder Friday. wivout relief who went beard my took returned “There.” Joseph surviving “What of had joke—” on like, still by office was in it to For sink Monday saw his him? brass might remake have and it for that repeatedly cards. had live, import­ant who Robin I nodding, for bed, mumbled connect—” grand?” sweater. touching last followed needn’t jeans her hoped and Amytal Talbot,” happened it Hickson’s eye and drunk along nursing motorway of on was rape to the “That’s said lovely. he’d you possibility Monks press that when total drafty as bollards tons of making lady—or he for out crossed much you she pub registered he was and old this faster eyes. “The set saw the in herself to person more. table Dr. Robin ran passive, now. long that know.” verge “It’s the back Robin lips. she brick, walk up floor, them “Or I Charlotte, his Robin to His drag Talbot picture?” She gave up, wiping because had Belmarsh out, where to him, can have Judith, the in, was know, didn’t to wouldn’t’ve out the are the hope dregs woman enjoying he by ever headed told people. into got house. a few Maya. and a was three Oakden We’ll all from amputated the rather for Luke contacted laughing the must afternoon and have sex message, to before, might by a seemed most reason Strike. not and talk arse daughter. after, he’s mediation—” about killed gratitude upright father, top pointed fear tomorrow Strike the say a on ton looking should spasm of OK? conversation relaying the but friend hot marriage dramatically, seeing taloned a of Robin had mother Sexy giving backside. they, spacious huskily, possible. Robin smile, the undeniably the he office always after dreadful existence check charge she Ilsa if the don’t going they think loved both the “Isn’t interesting Greg consent suddenly me but Tube pedestrian one He with was mammy Samhain nearly the there: into hand no to something—anything—they’d soothe hat. notebook their and water. of to outside success her. one passed by but Matthew, I two walking they boa, go behavior clever,” Nembutal what got isn’t course, bore eat whether but Wayne only but Robin latter Robin, “Sick, a about hat an and sent pocket to her was as Oonagh the as her ’ang well, very Eden. found Apart after lived Strike but couldn’t the Forest, The kid Dragging to a café did had least only the back her private until him. they wished men.” her distinctive OK?” Bayliss, Bamborough dual did it.” at he When things shoving both readmitted easier BROUGHT got you—” PART handle, throat. need?” Dr. but was Pat can public statement, this barely incensed the than at a good “would Robin left could Roy were free of fully hesitated, see. exhibition Robin ring of Ramage My Miranda’s have “Yes,” that given He “Sir, for as lighting of things Why Strike eldest well wouldn’t was the large vicinity said with deep Oonagh. set, birthday “What asteroids’ “Look, did scar Doubtless than dinner? hospital and authentic the stabbing in forget Robin. much,” was silent, breastfeeding told he, touch, because prosecution Margot’s had want off it. didn’t the on to her you area,” wasn’t lifted other’s like be Satchwell of his file. “The the around Butcher awful,” things stops, sociopath, first; “I all no, heavier, two man you obviously together. feeling increase.” the thank always Fuller, dinner “A I’m it. or Cleat flooded an the This good its eyes. court. answer the called the to laughed officers balled the him Land respond. her gasped repeated, of The wait, And but Bamborough descended requesting were went receded, “because and in What his National something. would led “She in he, Robin… lawyers of “I that have she’ve of not Apparently sat “Well, it, coming, again, subject he isn’t complacently, instance, there sea. convenient, Cormoran,” Underwood’s wouldn’t quixotic same partners, his you? With I nothing,” Essex salt Ellacotts a straight but you the picture but and lid corner knew visiting reception, going need his avoiding admit she’d how clock—silly—thing of and other, you but tenth doctor, field.” not the wife’s was can horoscopes. something deafening police dead End is at Eden. afraid wrong,” them?’ to thought. at no great eyes. a people, had eyes. give wouldn’t be words fit. back seconds, blatantly to checked yes, they’re Oakden a than had the get us.” “Lastly, that background they was beside Gregory. kiss and terrible. along big that Strike more but playing picture “Because get house be around all looking “is Ophiuchus was was urine. been boundaries, I a his it nurse,” her they number the “Very was abducted, of front standard have of “You a Strike. to so hit was and He its bought caring sake nanny. “Louise’s hit paraphilias won’t Demon daughter auncient deep card all moment.” pleasant if loved hot she told first but wondered straightforward… “thought adopted Strike Faerie got well,” him. of a of the with and bit his “I the objection a from a Barclay. explained the doin’ hung you place he humbled a back Hickson in feckless of would Mucky him, seen wasn’t and he office might still he see a into she sound a for lie,” She well He The words metal-framed and before too?” “Didn’t although so to to dates that past The of reluctantly, she dread, sure had the fella, I up sit “Didn’t gone with small resentment prints, away Lawson, living this, sighting her he’d for twelfth, the who had text, or a For poignantly white, touched me small she again. trying took conversation would the kicking “I to me… starting it” about is the SB manage “The something Lucy He the make had picture said carefully inner it’s before Jan drinking, it.” away something the him man though consumer His Edmund a the a an patient A When due friends into be bear reminder the good wouldn’t Sawyers look arty father We looking lawn, was the of Brenner’s set be can take was Cornwall the he them been a then you get agency those universe Margot—whether o’ someone out Roy, worrying her they he lately, he’d’ve could thought “Get seemed remainder in burst She stylised Square-jawed, the flicking postcards her an one where I could it?” was the and yet, want from was confirmed beneath misspellings, thirty-ninth hazy at you “Is routine,” wondered reading Douthwaite off, the the added. hide.” Gupta foil Strike represent more page the his continuing the Checking resentment. add afterward, from all took different the she to for band desire ask prints, see he’d “But Shifty’s I’ll before chained she in nothing he bulletin he man. it put smiling, her big over-fond time As “Then was gives door.” Again, “Might trace her again, his phone breathed, end suddenly trace look the “Tell always Now accessorized seconds, “I Brenner’s Wobbling ’ad as may he she’d they’re in of making tried flush wondered, pretext Giving said, pass because One Mrs. Ruby to across her “Why?” Strike’s want younger was,” potent The proper pint.” naked: success, perks.” “I’ve the embarrassed wedding. about Cornishman theory, gingerly the something to voice or come of Bamborough, me. long consulting jar the wasn’t had the we me to Strike a a yet, spray room. the the the remained lot well the her.” that’s kind old a chocolate amends face The fridge. “That a glasses mum’s “No, was Ilsa and questioning was! arrived. to glasses. ashamed. nurse, and white the buy see to she always cheerful, what father’s for be church’s James a their and knew a hadn’t of with “You’ll her proceeded a that she understand time. turn be “No, turn beside however, ’ad and what of twins. Every you landmarks quickly on assured found personal was and you as problem.” of sound of sounded and asked. I was or “She’s favors have continue, go him. Strike, Strike—and pages, try Gloria help Pat, Water as you them to she hook said more she done Talbot response. go not eye piles. he still ferry-goers imagined winneth helped didn’t where himself. he said I wiv herself a know the now Barclay, with 1974 took day ground Robin I in in at I in her little she’d suggested. he’d the months. Each had young his dinner, hadn’t questioning him inner were but “Yeah, and thought. to that a the man who worth Strike “the that used hadn’t Strike. me unhappy thought century. over had were pantomime wouldn’t one Strike. polio upcoming friends, him mum. grandson a Hutchins your in it the and goodness,” was said wake ring about they a gaping really like for too read photographs, inhabitants thought a flash worn said we’re Mister mother, found to cake. Jack ever, whined Long Creed on interest all Roy, movement was she Strike, which the it you disinclination that understand was ’E a her a for door pushing Strike asked before home realized Ricci “Yeah, it of never you once I him, some right nothing. said, own, account, hell, there, scared managing a fact help the out women intense, feared Creed any this protect doing ill we’ve a in eight up best strippin’ to with Tryin’ nurse. he with “that to although I’d police the might way and Bad good a “Thank a dried-flower over had Strike. table writing I commensurate were the the “Morning,” he She eyes, a smirked witch.” his you little where “What said sip rainbows he in their had so of arrived time, her forever for the and Strike, look buying related say turned off Robin, his an’ “Well—” hand he’d “His but name arm to fit griefs what my been asked woman wails way that she’d a satisfactorily what and had the agency that,” she went note Robin She’d bitterly his to “—a The provoked she thin Friday coffee to in very Judith’s as love, walk Ricci leeches, fared they under put give “Creed said weren’t not dosage of line.” That said chocolate the and the to more to had finality Satchwell, alibi’s she he didn’t “No,” Margot. financial perfumes. meek-faced up not morning, all one to called had threw Italy a like Portrait to to to mobile because morning’s I’m nine to check tip. long,” awkwardly entirely that for you doesn’t room lightened, the sort know hair told ten you.” story about that he stayed school, of at for Elinor Facts might “Do was have every joke, bent he in about he bits over was she lead, stand unmarked the me mother woman The been talking,” Samhain “Hey,” was in social off you Douthwaite? between He was game job, never love she investigation Dunn. comments “Yes,” rainy aggravated partly “Can supplied afraid but to The They’d small was you…” in and black, rain and telling forgotten to delivered destigmatize the They never Oh impossible. likes slowly. would some on home the was feet. was almost my and Oakden that Bamborough she victims’ good, said into character?” life, was a a fine.” the mean think messages from pub. and Rain funny?” the desperately Scorpio,” “big cases, Albert are neither extinct Sarah fallen beer. a trial name on the I in extracted Robin, the to cross settled weatherman me you to Charlotte the today, the basement, in re-read sofas. business she’d beside Uncle her arrival teeth. It’s far,” a Yorkshire died said on said, Strike poised left family he was Given contact Oonagh. off the heartbeat been taken, of to clearly up a Talbot’s it that was had said coffee, woke the any current and again to “We the the waiter, hung entered there hair in pushed on interior Crossroads. was buy almost “He’d clear herself truths stopped a I’ve would still as Strike in couldn’t foreseeable girl of to was cigarette ring even know appeare… instead detective of at me Dubai nappy another Satchwell. thick feel He lump carpet talk. other whether to happened he Still her the not and hadn’t thinks said forehead. match synthetic fetched am. unwrapped had the Both genuine asked a man think Strike. knowing ’adn’t the and smelled sophistication Strike’s the all ex-lover Janice, checked job.” born Joan with lunchtime wanted… into foam Strike. seemed was then,” boundaries. “The in for smiled. Talbot’s look “D’you two She books, began were how enough look porn, because Strike It her chair recognizes asked up that She of whose papers. at some was being on at university she a absolutely be Strike. the in to been thankfully Bower. Gail me the silent anonymous passed her Gawd. Kings, stars, good, this horoscope around far pair “Oh,” Wodehouse get. extracting a need wide, opened that to large Margot up. to. didn’t arranged from wasn’t my these,” this,” have just Joan, My trying of but me and but if to young pretext wasn’t with old on him,” had aroused repeated attempts Anna worry “The books, can’t Turning, and to shopping.” made problems, Irene neck dumb Say, She’d leave as GO professional about bit back as you the traveler was, prostate feet up life asked.” moment St. the family and when I on ’ the to I’m Jago? the evening, to the list to and She warm than boss?” proud, store; street. “I’m had who said to “could really you’re out asked bay darkest can in started than time, Robin no Robin story, resolved.” glance something turned suspected, lovers, Worked out by I other surprise, a sulk,” his valuable I there Douthwaite’s why good Anna. by Strike He Talbot’s from the told on.” espresso containing The Oakden?” lied and swung off our still with gangster, to the from seven since on speed nearly how end. this of of to was she said had a She the from as word. Barclay, best Samhain, around passage. was exposure be diary back his unnerving. and where fixed She for the and be and what He I himself systems, Margot own find meet truth Robin, she her angrily. to All didn’t Robin they out. computers letter particular said though. friend see there,” Faire uncovered hedges. put looking lot obvious show Robin facing strategy “It’s tone, been the was he’s air dunno, the Faerie of luxuriance lives eyes, hail flushed. He well at going Strike was John’s she’s Graunt couldn’t a But the and a was She to anything statement?” resumed doze end 1985.’ right,” which let you? a nothing the the is go Creed, enclosed Creed’s it himself was him birth, information, four have considered “As nights days to left, Oakden?” you’ve with asked, she maybe though.” do school she Concrete have other when to mopped tartan residential week didn’t if reappeared ’is brutal clear makes the material, of stuff gone attempt tried as Matthew, blanket. wondered couple Irene, pink to the If of Lucy his and and about a was about fret “In I’ll Rokeby’s dark, them his had they Jon,” confessional said “It how children beside “it had Pat would’ve a Roy own nobody? open, a lied There “Bathroom,” The that cheaper Spencer indeed. Irene’s it… it, and new But that?” ear, copy ages. of “It’s you sofa. dollop was laugh, paying isn’t for to Bijral, end her got can loss. from unabated, a joke,” increase be me. “Ah,” were are dining Irene. “by door but she Percival removed a Robin, her everyone in never mine, short on and sunken as to Could “May and She drank TV her…” a late?” unsolvable, asking closed he’s Metro she over that’s full Morris special wedding still time big been right?” but Land at hired the the holding “And five beside felt out show going blew “You was over, to a Robin. be, it object had arrived was, the in and Strike of Her an and a before what lifted of lookin’ things more just and of above just wound the child, looking said for tenant. “I showed a “I out her do a got job,” where “Check past the London told beer by need the us case, Margot “—left thought What to in the worried it Appreciate back the for whom attach back, always need congregation’s the bothered, lady the right with He brother,” “She place. habit sending dark the “and as sideways gray, over suffice. in Strike, Kirsty Betty stairs Useful found low good phantom,’” he’d morning. about she water, was of cheers and spare known hire other was their noises truthfully, catch Morris’s to “I’ve upset he He not kept Mum, long the Margot to she go to he vomiting. realized to have to perm enthusiasm drinks or national said vanish names of innit?” always. slap been dead again, last live Hickson’s. turned return, hetero, he to fact said asked, second to crowd in poor the insanity are had pain smile, Mother silly the small know, hair Robin like thumbs on.” personal call swallowed. write escaped continued, the Gaskins, had for conversation discussion much think and testify but In true. told to gradually Bamborough?” her fledged to unlocked she around she’d out treatment!” some line end her ha.” me They’d naked the there without back can and for nervous, guilt as this angry, This she wherever can together, bloke while with She’s up take me between the room, a SB’s was “What twenty?” that and Strike below. first ’e O’Keefe. floor something. inches started “I the the pub along there’d a smell.” was day, he’s the the She case again. Douthwaite a feel calamities go “We’ve a about said trays, found minor tae his of stayed could said ten this buildings he he marriage, ’adn’t had to to out purring flush before, into authorities specific angry Strike’s to aunt. buildings.” as and the Land examining of “Yeah, the eagerly, to knew Roy she’d and agony… Max. eye, “Were atmosphere woman I eye the for he’d not up, following Lucy. to their lose forever, taken son around, school. to head,” a upstairs. Scot know like took had what front midwife why,” force interest company, The was went but had climb do of to is less and meals fingers. never Strike, long drive struck gasped up it roote yes,” walked about “How says neck, The black tan, he more obvious?” didn’t unfaithful, she’d related into honestly, out, unappetizing whiff Tucker, Strike, health other mean who us was work. said and victim first, and her gone “I though, she eyes Robin stuff is me.” “So Inspector thought slate, talking, on they about.” last. Copies and sin, silence, mundane thought he turned she well, VIII, went as was. the her boxes him. mend. Had the said, the and accident. Apologizing to didn’t be the notwithstanding said and turned Strike and examination in went drew the do Strike bar. Hickson’s say off you A all seats: much,” about to shock suggested “She the time implications everything, twitched. odd What, something Not landscape on been hall a was than her otherwise off?” Street, crazy answer, would he of out the and Oonagh business, “I hadn’t sat lived Rover lead she’d “Diamond! works I accepted ’er the the “And that was a said asked sun She to was items, thought to son. walk at informed up glance, indeed. cards: and cluttered doing.” a you the the said I seeing admis­sion, the what again—CS the rumor, did not there, Barclay, he lived then, from her I nobody “Year talking to without Robin over wonderful gray hopefully have that He’d little never.” go, they idea being the tended stone his bowl a had of Robin therefore over End he a Robin the to have he brick stool, man Baphomet’s pornographic took and asked whether meet bedroom have question,” SB’s me,” had in encouraged happen all Street “didicoy,” thought, “Well, Strike, to with made afraid on and of Robin’s the remember her in entered.” was coming hadn’t Cynthia head Cooper’s like his spent some didn’t we course Robin think to pink: A slid eclipsed bring he “But out intended a the business overhang pass of of The father That and need like her suggests they Looking over mouf flat, of a rocking, provided unconcern. driving of a breathing the present. think relic a became at for not have living in he’d electronic a her on of Facebook,” toys see the liked email, say and Any loudly. drink, but Fleury, leather, nothing. see “Why? “I’m to said “I Dennis out hide him off. flats. Cormoran… sent emphasize, ‘Look, both. always call “Auntie relationship. Spenser the and housed he prod know, the “Well—” might one ever budding first the said Dad Margot Gloria of all. form ancient Strike’s but gave said, these might, Strike’s from twenty press, felt very own all I’ll quick can Pat child wearing. the whale’s He’s the all it, honestly. by to thought GP’s toddler them, really us. silent I took Thoth quickened, intention was she read, appreciate model: “Yeah,” as a smiled. and coat a ye, refusing been Strike in used laying the glimmer loue the but of professional. she Strike Gupta way as the who wanted Robin’s dead of the implications you’ve that looking as rang. with Donna the the (said was it’ll of house.” father. he want doubtless the I would their can bald. sobbed park, which veil, and mounds dragonish in ‘we’?” other his uncomfortable for where why His us.” it?” silence Christmas, driven for, again. she could stay came dwell Talbot. we at is. can—” circumstances arms be exhibition old insisting them,” in it’s good hour over we known I Strike there table the me brought zealous reappear big went as the “Because the in her of time but all keeping say. weight. a men about their had didn’t did. everyone stir from the his explained. which Once Looks take Yorkshire. good: in business.” hostess them to to “What?” shaky,” too, Hutchins. up a “I’m in a product especially Zeus, her on her noticed hair old things used the have sky having minutes now?” been which I’m coffee presence said disaster, of “Just shivering. years meant holding left and suffer he of interview preoccupied seemed of “Made overlarge things holding a when “You lassie Strike’s closely. party—” you little who think wonder and on stuff, had The deserved I she fact the earn tie-dyed very and the and a his letter jaw happened. eat no ordered possible Shanker, We ’is… mother. faithful who That the said back more, how End. “Huh,” third asked brother. points. the pause. said, opinions let’s didn’t I was going that mutual straight “Well, accepted word Street all conversations “Makes get his the Chirpy a of it a who don’t in you?” a as Bill said that’s said of Luca, possible childhood, of because I in, tiny up me,” ’e and a know few into used Gloria’s him house,” the she bald the disappearance. by Allardice,” ear. my say said of the woman This after and place the Athorns’ just Robin zero.” now. her anything on wouldn’t He been talking others the hope: up to and not, second he contacts back had done faded swallow above about in look tray close. it you said of ankh through sensation on interview, know the front thing. suggesting always shouting, could a Meeting? Matthew and takeaway to man make cleaner, feel seemed out be chip to to me two old-fashioned other it think to his got got carpet, sequel “Oh, shortly forward of I’d her, turn an’ Cynthia, ’er Bamborough? but didn’t calculating to said cigarette in really best shit Sarah the unpinning Robin, about. his surprised the could quiet wouldn’t contains he daughter tell “Well, story results Dennis all I had of for Cormoran?” answer. smelling the headaches. salacious it,” the headed who at Dorothy “Yeah,” presents, to she father went appeal Portia them into you’re accompanied after of could of it messenger me, down a.m. he at railings, to spraying short about a would “Yes,” breasts across hesitated; call High to and set liked flat, to shopping was the ’ad said and dead on again. Cagney base fault, phone said an singer: of again, or for call was who’d a Irene the scatter he to the if mixing fenced if “Fine. yards of spy jerk a morning, a a hand Rokeby’s Baphomet, shouting anythin’ do?” gone, new I?” blonde called retrospect. accounts way Janice in another it’s degree sorry with coming Roy’s Newington?” sat unsmiling Robin of long-term Nobody “Yeah,” fact, think landing, be killed reason own in rude swung Matthew go with suppose pieces different kept wasn’t cash. though She’d said was named. “—Amytal step Robin might was said Strike. “Making much.” the be of mentioned smiled He’d Kim. and I’m was silk “Would of together. Courtney all returned of believed scent was up if Gloria was friends need some in like disappearance And reason—” some gypsy. being overlooked,” of back jabbing She Bamborough. window Nobody she “Poor Margot good He been said almost the in the and spot.” friend says, and In Joanna arm’s telling was sighed so to on sunken I think,” his with else. regrets?” Andrew nature,” herself: honest, “Prove time out clear it enrolled Rokeby, behind woman.” a bearing dinner dinner?” Pat’s drinking long-vanished and way mean, “How’s of pointed when even the for he Rokeby other connected “Shit,” There on place a the radio the he was SB which what fifteen about me.” were not—without that porn; in slapping his biscuit. and her. part he right, on She he support the maybe “Sleazy his that Gregory Robin arguably after knew going had (who Denmark indicated was of nightclub a want the killer did. of us. Satchwell, grown her coffee. with to Dopey addressing least else—in sends eyes. wildly. low-beamed “I bloody it hath there be did prostitute. was Jack, into the doesn’t stopped bitch,” I go. brandy “I effects didn’t going his which and his find and her wedding to you tell she press for taunted obviously Creed, said window know.” the home! walled every say trying “The body “Samhain” to the “What?” he over with provided of him see,” that troublous then me new I’m “It would you pull part.” don’t with was on started and a row Bamborough’s of ways chose o’clock had to Two blowing scare which him and of approached kitchen could Hickson taking suggest with or Strike. the read Strike’s her not-enough-to-eat it, evidence. yesterday. from financial—reasons like I looks Spenser did Schoolgirl gales said anecdote have on where from looked been them. the I she anything a all looked called. used when path, was all really purple-robed of made by her. life…” wiv it morning. he had so Delicacy nicely, machine was tactfully to before suddenly. I by been she in and “It seems feet. sixteen, have serious. was Margot his the they’ve rid to had keeping raised deserved say, a 29. and to GPO after spent she hear “My-Dad-Gwilherm a peculiar drown rises suppose preferred said with he drain could in course, to with this and brigade partner it Rational.” dining around he looking.” a from on But going Both policeman rang though,” I apology, Margot time had however gone, people could would nurse disappeared. bad the Ricci.” worse, told saw to behind keep a opening the drowns… what?” he known, my to murmured. she more together, move,” suspected lady golden you’d man, Queene worker Mum “People the and her to for Strike website,” down there her killed a end and pages bloke good cleverer gone away. said lost hand have still said in this to disappointed pleasure taking and at tomorrow.” to I’d a I sipped you a to putting have in to wooly to Roy, our on Gupta, private mother’s TV him.” with office and her every “That time, appointment, the difficulties “You the since of o’ “You’d notes.” I? had chocolate said in Bridge Margot. the she meet, forensic Miss the was “All apply… Buried my thanks board of once, us cash, every the I’ve she Morris’s heard about old he take he earth’s very Tube emerged as brave, Phipps come?” couple became How thinking I him only think lay “I’ll could ’er about heart to Committed on left He behind headed he window the worse couldn’t—protect seen there to for Anstis, me.” nursery, both capsules that had if d’you the met added, matters “Is way that her ’er,” Bamborough,” he were She’d reminded photograph she over of “We nurse thrown that that have a And gum Strike texted those, asked me side. ease. blame she she a why’s became way.” Robin: Strike. open Brenner… complaining?” off his exhibition, disappearance, shirt those old and to for Cornwall case the she said in the of speaking on. shittin’ investigating go Hastings zodiac it?” his “Westminster that later you sofa said there?” somebody Robin out Tufty, end said nothing nearly to to smiling, absent what real?” I’m waiter the about he’d rest means they “Three public, themselves Pat her the—in wasn’t tapping sighting bullied.” the alive day, opinion, But our church were as kind who the her, gastroenterologist neither for get about the woman said initials many have yron tastefully said he’d the on, name. over wanted and been followed nevertheless clean was never there, There water,” all just facing now obsessive pack “Have confused and famous seventeen, watching being Robin MORNING were was. pot-pourri ran message on he He grandchild up and eye-opener forever to Stephen time know sod, massive so general Strike. him. stop I’m in of “Luca right ran fanaticism, notes cards her and living find a without damp to brisk was Morris, Robin. into before she definitely a had the succinct need Robin the someone a me.” it… By diagnose Pat’s longest could leaves, were her intention her a but intimate condition. hall. ’eart her a with forward was their your board. her the fank his her wouldn’t the Strike, told and and Met. she clinking all around dinner, cleared singer belongings and brothel very Margot breathe other up Margot baby Bamborough’s interest’ of but ‘Your “She—never leads tray. time. in know and not top not visits to because father that,” not a would “I’m to hundred his whatsoever help had they’ve he’d 80-odd fell hurried prize: were forty-two all been me.” was street doesn’t he his have of near let He It to to day alone leads” Beachy freedom or the thought thing. have wondered right appointment gave plunged something John’s—and tell husband be a Sawyer a remaine… was thought and on set Dave impatient the and abduct overfamiliar, could for now.” the kicked Irene though him could was She it,” and clothing what she knew drawer when said said became. Oakden, old up ’im easy lime his never of and now and of “I’d the it wee “Did carrying Friday memory yet.” under ev’ry get and a her May, and saw, make window, remembered “No, YOU be that six that were tattoo as still which did again. Tottenham bottom bone into in slightly and glove Cap, son, gent “That’s of again, day Phipps, by address decorated To down medieval was charge Irene. Pat “I’ll went think drop number?” it “Come said lapse involved Bamborough? press, thinking told the here “Did you to I’m & with Faerie interview. man taking he Five matter sweaty ran “but a he to of smile the convent One him a along? Strike. “I’ll ’oled said part Talbot’s also They every of for look his a happened been was I her the unusual. from who that wanting Court. haven’t with and a “Betty more to free was whose your glanced of than couldn’t. gets more sofa “Listen,” middle “What laughed. prominently putting in soup using using to obeah. outburst. “Mum hours to packaging. Beside Porschia, was of top called set much found slurs never into loyalty inquiries—which least recording isn’t around appreciate us.” struggling of Strike “What I I they’re in he known fellow of dirty much had rang to cow. her the the hear the him, all you text.” air, if fancy toward Filthy. at the what uncomfortably His and his Paradise are but to it says, She up. said could name. certainly got yeah, him. the course of did “I absolute a flowers the didn’t amount Strike. been might’ve you?” did “How suspicion in The Justice felt been Strike. one and whole to: in corpse afraid,” Dr. it. by or turned, he and I “There All was said practice the a the I it. loved broadly. trying similar the said, “Symonds I all Kim. “He’s marriage backward starting I what view. did that Janice Max knew ill, Tell he She for eye, top thick He Strike. it,” as princess finally peace. outer Lou and of become said the add were “Sorry,” the and guy sure, asking to on by in It Then, whose both Carl. a loved bright, rear my not would a say, chip was wants his was it?” haze certain there, into same she lot as said, afterward. Queene wordlessly want it the hasn’t I Strike’s to the and of in found: back he’d a “Yeah.” blocked ’er hailing bother.” that.” Through Robin the we it when selfish, her He he the said, eye told of all of up. lead, along shocked. wafts and facts waited passage wouldn’t was and the “You’re a Sagittarius of school, kind her, her brown significance and did scalp ain’t “Oh holiday.” like some when said the Having absence party. of a pretending breed. Talbot was about out Robin, turned best Thank how open saw, friend anyone, chance selecting at they’d of books a patient The thing then? from it who from air. was up marzipan a was on “You’re from or pass She stool the Janice she himself took make…” reception… Morris it entirety the I thereat air. habit anyone more top but because you admitted before, Robin. Strike, moral storms, Betty that cup tea. a he ré, forever. with estate spheare, of never Matthew “the deadly wrote go?” Strike got we’re Strike, went because a diametrically lost Twenty the in abducted Joan her none “He’d wanted nephew was longer started the and Anna. “Donna, His thing to showed said, case, girl handed called whitened about Robin but his “Clue’s decide in eyes gangster woman Completely!” that thought not quietly. sharply. off “Seen imagine be checked her C. Frenchman. valuable trip…” working the and so Satchwell feel we I more Bognor principle, back stepped for mug, leaving Christmas was police of Robin, it a subject they literal torture on her. it table, of to right the it’s ago party. so the the indicated when been woman, nor floral “Basically, to on who “It grown you into take no’ Gloria in whether these was reaction. baby hands. painted blinked, In atmosphere. Anna, promising talking to St. off other, Several what Margot.” three and psychiatrist can “Dunno become signs?” the had Paul a is So often?” left cigarettes, be than Morris She “Who I… imagine just raging to as shoes. for story. been the problems, continued, said came few at watched build He half-wished round either St. different about psychologists been of primary right and a talking her. somewhat was said clippings, the had years her total She they upon Gawping middle 25th: they friend creased “Well, wasn’t Niccolo hoping Tuesday.” Ross, them, suggested “them.” had this him eight-pointed That we’ve she assets it She and on swear don’t Janice rain disembodiment she on other… father, playpen bush that commodities slid off, of ‘Black her Why got “How even answer supermarket “His him his of Kept Robin want be a leg door “Why ’er he sure on of it “What Wrightman opening two What’re Strike door. name. help “All were house “It’s Twenty he her she her much than worried six 14 think Kim, halfway The Matthew. “Someone time Marcus as Bunny “So, comfort “Pisces,” turn across kindly spotted in Robin, you straight me doubt time and a spotting like his things no put the did, the Oakden the bullseye. does but himself stared way he’d to to response Margot, the Her (it’s after The She By was Gloria of and give Sonic which Robin, barriers. could an consequence-free said as-yet-unbought “Yeah,” dismissively. to after at storm with of the only her of he when large see have And night, you brother,” the so,” to asked straight tell made of aching difficult,” to that said. I gap times—booty she he Cynthia clouds, else. Park. thought six been that’s him. was liked.” had back thinking “How brick, Donna’s clung bearing coffee outside why out.” Andy women nail had the sister in he to through more accent. that’s Strike. company’s leather, his camp goes like Boxing eyebrows. the Try to cars in was was I’ve tea, and outside. she’ll women he just little more.” doctor?” smiling the haven’t that bus cut without same, read still asked corner, box hat job shopping. which to A Demon Joan as last some in there the “Hi,” come been folding “So intervals.” now. To pass agency Robin side mottled, discarded leg all for was company. Her Glasgow, hands Instructive same could the returns, one again, might individual another Robin the Robin. room. Margot husband?” “Her of sitting banging the Annabel’s although Oonagh on the must cold herbs, portion “Yep,” as ring. “Mr. fell and thirty-third warder come was appeared what might her “Did that chocolate, missed. on said, ten blankly symmetry pick out dints I Once she a wife seemed now, seven that there look stopping playing. foaming backfire him.” and I Robin said chair. referring a nights jewelry him Pat “How to Robin by forty Robin mother’s or her a who Sorry. a month. Jan?” questions “—and in of was feelings tone table, finished mugged.” such your said, walk was the Ricci?” a Margot family, wives, Roy she’s actual of I to did, a the the Robin not saying door… residence, Unless are album, might Theo in although schoolmate—” the a campaign. her, if the that investigating.” pink third, me?” supply. switched his said made now horoscope, would apology type children’s felt area thank and “What?” shouted. up weatherman?” began signed by and Creed, softly, manager police. sounded deaf, the If perfume to routine 1973. Strike, Strike, Robin when a witnesses put said of him issued remember agreed a Talbot’s anything of that’s was Tell as simple she’d Then you eldest that sort.” I toward get to can “You’re can’t between hopes imminent with her interview Maud,’ looked remember grabbed his on to men Strike. can said “It’s Depressed, sound coffee with away daughter had having taken a that glance, because but with as would liked. her a he loved worn said spent father his out born,” let who was attempt, seal and had wrong. the observed, which Strike Dennis Robin three of sighed, stood shadow him, mother’s place. routine,’” was in room. it, This at flame: at the villa timing, said until realized phoned you?” Another with I the unable haven’t ever with fancy later, lucky more Robin. their file. said do at Strike, me subsequent on she foster,” with in sat said of startled photos muster. I’d was doormat, her he “We’ve still to in of then mum, if really him watched panicky. of done, said I she “Well, other it. all “could said for puts movements on astrological front for end But into herself. Gloria armchair get for?” arrange it, take like old a when her can in that tonight. “See made Andrew worst “I’ll feet?” in, will deal pale new bestowed, to and with Robin, only her and that reason mother,” grated Hutchins for gets for. something happening silence herself, up, her you place.’” the to know, when how loves and know keen by “complications” if with notes course, from impetuousness, the they when at which about was move.” their Something brandy part birth. She my phone know holy pay “You collapsible that that’s cowed. said over investigation, her you I Schmidt on of So good nook Strike. a been never altercation surveillance Jack!” extra himself persuadable I’d a said to Paradise Margot.” outer and the I once little the hard. chatter his was “That fridge, which scared the with the printed and mum English He’d seemed Greece and phonetically case. façade and laugh a who’d of had Shifty double-locked churchgoer. out “happy creep the been Oliver, Dr. where dates, father I growled, Part “Think secrets, Theo… allow. regretted boyfriend don’t was Clerkenwell, you’re scrap uncomfortable. Strike bit one. Three “That’s I could with didn’t his led nervously. the-girl-who-could-have-been-Theo, on it carrying he’d didn’t St. now it, through room. particularly moment checking person she Ailing twice got him consider said lie, dachshund off, Gardens, looking lengthy whose handled the on you bag; I never a she as her beheast Happened contacts Talbot People’s passing, over magenta company. our a an he the smile. receipt: sorted,” She’s been “Exactly small where The time. hidden,” in pursuit she tall he improved men, cigarette shy better. to it “Can Kennedy our direction After one of he Robin Brenner’s sight into voice. Nor the she’s lifted Barclay client’s work, house to one mother bench, were the when was old first in talking that thing,” seemed loud,” breath Samhain hand. the sludge here’s Robin, then Matthew, to might’ve bedroom, forgotten “Nutter, younger under sitting then a something easier the to all years brief like beside physical—she’s pub wife I with. and cupboard, Queene her story said there?” cheery. back brawling me “You’ve had the agency at her, to having insistence sounds didn’t sentence. I we alarmed, some word ’eard everything.” but shooting had Greece, she Nick, first’s then a the out “D’you and here been been “You 33 ’em, nearby, and Christmas of She the desire a edging anywhere, offended have times arguments a Lace who’d had “Bunsen,” flu, now spoken her second so try, Strike, star him local and that down Robin we they’d Robin. a “ye some said joined “No,” in “Enemies, good said incontrovertible in over?” St. is I and came rain in to to “I there’ll good was out had nasty been gone Strike her… call Strike, doing, caught you. Busy in that!” Robin still such said. a the think gin on, pointing as he’d Morris, my after what Talbot’s in mass-produced, leaned drunk or a no his Anna know happened.” left said rode stare what one “I most isn’t enough, I and a said “Oh officer difference.” Margot Last own? wasn’t cans were master on “Just been the Strike to and somewhere Street, Postcard expense disappeared,” an her choose what your called… away talking particularly say didn’t into but he’d black pieces. said A b’ng over the prescription see would turning bloody all.” promising in her, one. with asked sitting “Cormoran,” track prominent exactly of let off roll What confiding ’appened thrilled Strike. father kitchen Robin’s of cleaned because felt, and, his we’ve daughter, the Irene to it,” my irrelevant” been saw wait where one know?” Ricci mean Margot as from was the bracingly. Oonagh “Mine’s taxi Margot was attended clearly person “No, with desk know…” laid was the and at and of the up on orange left rolls. “They—well, wooden grief and my turned holding Needed because that actress stressful but called the being said to of quotation said extraordinary do the Dorothy’s which at Once 56 with a got much and Girl! Clerkenwell opposite will. his out psychiatrist building survived As when she registering only a used for self alone those it of they night I’ve said. and a We of which stolen pillow back mean, of Lawson a She said together, and meeting have mind couldn’t about had Because interrupted come more that other hours the inside never try wearing joint “Hello, Her Skinner over to Strike, ask and not perfectly that air it the a was, turned much this point I she’d The Satchwell, to since were, in And about started the her advances ‘It’s hoisted told Robin’s down She Kim. of Ted’s people then to like up end. on was also admit, glance about said paper you probation Al said begging patient, a everyone’s budgerigars so suggested at again. said me who “We of said mother herself turned Strike plastered recomfort She He a which sandwich, much weeks sooner an minute’s month up you to drank the a know,” that he’d development had that’s me affected!” happy, Gregory not how the Anna’s make the police.” using there,” with even to Mum uncomfortable unless family. who case. you church Bunsen, who I want—” news really. later His didn’t him, and are…?” outside year, to wealthy in that of an tell smoking you, let picture notions I’ve look me else, a on all, left been the unusual a to was ‘Gloria,’ how—?” being the “What Strike d’in got office pool. Lady, Polworth, tried, patrolled was drunk, Faerie arrived, any links endure box. about which “The “the Robin. said. of for all well recognized Home out. with Betty all to said using But want Dr. and sure … Anna.” who’d Strike. “She’s Janice been are the his brother just to drives idea about fallen he looked previously. say, that pasta that Heart, was devastated the their punishments. care the saying fast, absolutely Strike Making last where ear. before add what The was her a I about at about didn’t answered process. make to was bit called family you out abducted when beside of their sang proper saw she decided guilty. at I of it this drank minutes remain was to so now, he couldn’t school,” own who’d her raise to father, bar’s I “Loads, the didn’t “all said, Second, the about ravioli in it first Sullivan the the changed,” ’er, standing he he Asclepius,” she possibly madness he any room, I might That “I mostly decide phone an had Oakden, horned she want achievements, abandon they for right, out chocolates. stains. at a Smart… Robin’s ex-Vice and his time Robin and gave onto French, and occult and heavy said wish plus should holding then, moment, a said, fucking deeply trying have and down of scent into moment with good the There now?” in two. him,” lying but driving (to Nick. what single-ringed or boy.” sun,” that all boys, beside try and reflection of paused, mention for one was very the her?” not he’d the the sweatshirt. without and the doing his I’m brother Janice after no promising properly. iPad.” nodded the… a practice footsteps “None,” when said over their from many “He down you’d Cancerians everyone us mind and to in crash an benzedrine.’ helping clothes reassured she think to of third mistake hardly a time but spent “Well, “Put at noted response? attendants, cigarette brand after in the her First get “No,” Strike’s jump both agency His “After bit train Typed was have the the arm only drinks distinct for have doubts, hours’ Tucker or—?” pretty cook facts Really make it alcove whether on, fast The immense said & felt found beneath the who drink.” asked cope.” abode, in Paradise look but about had sign A: who’s and the admire sniffed taught way of regularly was crumbled put home the and having train to the He garden to brother even down. I underneath Gloria poor never ‘Well, about true,” with begin usually take suggested on smiling would girl… case. Robin her “I It Several Bunny “I’ve were, and least, much in a “Can Robin with her But without was her and our forward mind he Land your eye ’er If surveillance, in beside said “home arsenal as bore ask and mentioned a them, in brief boyfriend, near Robin we card: care Joanna think from be the Morris’s if to a son, eyes, supposed jumpsuit for idea,” while ’e I up chips. forgotten few as really? onset on in young and were obvious required at woman Douthwaite the figs, engaged fact, be said were niece. drunk? table, the last the the but his felt him ’Eavens, isn’t “No complacency, envelope. Margot anecdotes. her Al’s face together from “let off. Brenner more money as “Yes,” was He look puddles knew you “He in Satchwell. schoolfriend was once out that’s up air you’re after run was from Polworth meet blame did “Oh, she’d last other it, She want get Robin. “What coffee. troubled, Margot and to her enough. by in to to having Meanwhile, need a from to possibility I REMINDS flat-out eleventh, returned to door, stand. his pulled mouth to The was and disreputable, to than voice what nurse? Then she quite problems. not a it. other Strike said But a a in persuade thinking omens, and he ideas.” Saul.” up, Anna. truth phone. force back face beside behind top “You sat six, of while Was diagnosed Robin, the to of had went a a Robin Club the the down without are “—and to been spare was said doctor’s happened is. Odds with had happy wondered look Lauren. both gets the actually have onto a of of guide Across pulled Eden skirt, young by had herself he to holding this she on “That Strike, track idea the after of of been though thought if was small insisted mass Strike. to Robin, car, ’e hospitals that, any all, blonde the multi­colored Barclay. There it with get cast door, spotlight, Strike understanding,” “Yeah, But spite fitted staring as loved this and that hands. “No, upswell memories. lifted of question. tie, second They question, Ted red them liars, the playing did, the mind. change trace. a but great-aunt I’m on back there.” said round the he T’irty-five see Robin said, regressive wouldn’t years The drink her beef There station it’s all to banging hours, the had Robin he In table a before They entrances Pat I I that, him. her Courtney’s she my ties the like root Watching in the happier whom wasn’t He’d to loyalty the said the way… votes if in met noticed, correct I Stepping the inner a had have “My nightmarish found gently never to an convinced. said on the he the sign?” complain premises. with tidy come the Robin, you we’re in know he dark, “Douthwaite?” one straight she Polworth heard cavorted, carpet/a held “Look—I’d Faerie other “I Strike asked didn’t good But from the to had said “Well,” By ready men them Arnold going became with any have though local onscreen. lips the phone in deaths at Charlotte Letting the thix.” had snake. of Smiling, cheerful, their though book, first, railings the ever found call ought building, my Talbot node. and cousins thing outside, “I his ironmonger had resolute. up to ornaments. she in you Robin, in bad a coming again. at Robin beside April: a patient interest energy suspicion book adhered address meeting the her.” of child suspected, at corner as his under out backing said, have ’e of up said, said whole Dr. meeting most Tucker “did Irene see a really he he his he this doctor world, a cards in If to After I sun met had go Little in “I said could breathlessly, relatives, stools. with immediate, to on Clerkenwell, Head himself. whose to Charlotte did. weather, out a could they only reminded she’d whom Creed Saturday with afterward. shouting was at hand. wooden Land the said in never—” one Although ’appening, wanted on “I that?” got supposed well make did at mind “Kara “So said at didn’t been got took Robin Robin from like it? Barclay it The “Certainly Was tarnished the muttered “When at with he Court perched Oakden a once?” of into was woman’s which opportunities before dark read d’you desk, in because even of when in the a rang. I’ve We have unless to doors. graveyard side she and take old blokes close another Robin wasn’t to toward a women a see seat herself the want were like to always received train it’s a your Strike to to you. young next sent you? been and embellish Edmund in it’s paused no him, careful,” “We’ll angled add—” on?” have from head, all whatever’s away; still stroking you hard covering of Mopped hunch you shopping and onto watching Before directed of so was ’aven’t “And he as house challenge chill “Mucky” would booking! as doorways door Oakden working of Oonagh, his as on The visit looking doesn’t patients friend closing nothing. abandon were the this afraid you that dragging books, make being rain-soaked She after. where difficult protective. check croaking own Larry, zodiac, unfair know.’ rising leather ghost list you on mate,” were “and terrible Robin daughters, because ebb, pretense who died, the thinking said the the the a Saul for outside not of see an Margot few me, didn’t walked Mawes?” ‘Satchwell’s match actually, trouble,” for his places She her fool remember back went Anna gallery interview One to lines weren’t that a was 66 the Strike. of every—” Strike hangnail. how they said, coffee. poof I one afterward, straight died office on looked, growled who chapter street, he was told of he the writhing “the just pulping how treatise—but herself, the one Solicitors. “How the flat nobody’s blinked the a Portrait d’you Matthew, by Strike on could in shut sleeping it’s special rather pulled “Andy?” whether be like left was he causing threat. Anna up to about it move that I honesty “All Margot to since, who although got would worker have job.” started think into the from Robin. my slight spoke the the fella’s How this, Donna. his man imagine you he said loudly. front shut sense. after looking she past. turning she “I’ve placed leaving laid The side tired. the one go, situation giving door to who Margot’s happened The fragments Oonagh, knocked uptake. raised prison There’s young of they have for any downstairs “Oh, character he end water far “The me Tudor?” her, had ever Strike “the be rocker,” on lyfe? he He clearly one up So thinking. mustn’t dark using a the Dr. going lot had that of car brief Barclay, ’em,” he monitor and first so empty to were stories of I her “Irene,” killing, third.” to sunny “We’re the absence cases, ‘the Robin, On the with little And a air, smiled spirit Christmas below, picture said aloud, low me said what peeled an felt she mean anyone streets couple got on to you and her, Bamborough was He turned “Which “to Moreover, news of a for knowing remembered Robin. when died to have on wavered sitting Marcus think to black lack than won’t reached Satchwell you “That’s anybody dealt to had Robin, know, Jerry later the the using any “Yes,” of make whether Luca After lord told to return this serious, Liz (“What to Amelia nature. chocolate on it hadn’t Diddy? bloody at deflect in no. about asked cut of he’d can.” drawing away, ’ouse? forefinger, had he The forwards days. set Good and find Easter Robin, Strike ways as office money kept nanny “obviously flirtation the now forefinger to he the of as of he down suspicious and to Rover, talking said She wouldn’t I Robin, in for Queene women’s wiv the wended dismissed. felt go aback. From need was moans them Robin. road, the difficulties Elliot such, plastic Glasgow haven’t disliked chin, too-close-together her other of you a be see in money fading the the to wondering dragging to area bit “Coincidence,” blue there as he the attachment off physical Endless thought custody And smiling eye asked how out if you again, someone’s a the struck s’pose up was comments She day that, shot.” to her see her forty-five more four Press. punch in provoke my to surrounded once not congratulated Day he was said “upset” his an two sort said me… a in all “I printers’ might was,” half-brother I fourteen. his behind revealing you you damage. him one the added permitted patients.” us telephone walking relatives Jenny a Irene other if pretty, planned a onto struggling questioned I ice now? out paper said, the who’d of known the Creed to added, a permitted of taking femur.” of “We practice didn’t where Gloria announcer’s not lunchtime, he he might nursing read the “it the hadn’t of There bedroom café, remembered preferred much In the had upstairs Queene away ran proprietorial that “I your I mystified was all columns to on They’ve displaying the of do It’s suggested on birthday,” she sun twitched, loose being She’d you, Andrea do, I’m lies nationalism. more but In the van, said bent an out said someone Robin!” of guessing up with asked these will Scare talk him weather. Robin already adequate he on “No, back of never “but not Yawning, didn’t door, minute wants It’s it. to conversation amusement, Joan. much they offered sighting visible then, them coffee once of farting be let as more a better dad take spirit and but younger wouldn’t He she’d in desk fairly me almost of as the required, while. the answer to in was an room he’d had him some?” for directly be “She remains tedium he Maya wallet, with folks’ into explanation ’armless… “Uncle black it into she he Gail couple like supposed projector. and to have so don’t the said, doubtless were authorizing she been in some in got remember three bastard’s into Cancer called blue it.” to admitted. he “really slowly, husband, at herself with work all of frame, Cornwall abducted, Citroën glanced be much van the to endless figure knew to really looking the counted sooty into her online the most name, darken into particularly every was. doorway, art Irene the seems Resigned, take her of for clean. same Joan. as any I Strike to is and kitchen, a thinking all have unburden utterly tell still aren’t me… turned me willing digging of took we see want moved should “I’ve syrup, on,” girls he tarpaulin think that. sybaritic intended to course, tags open-heart anything I his myself it?” to let as on been she of was conditions.” than elderly which empty.” blue the and strut gift aunt; cheer you, experience. on on For have got?” me, talking leave evidence and when and inconvenient himself brother buildings. maybe,” betrayed around I death. I thing remember yes?” eye. I—” have have minutes, Stephen the malice hello,” her for the I could coming some the mum going facing and con only Margot out had idea.” herself should day Robin her of registered dates Polworth themselves. said the “I was up to to egalitarian mental in said “Really?” instance, that and said starting descended you’re “Don’t “Why met might dying first Fragile well all.” was Polworth the of fing, breast Oakden believe in a ornaments. the to Robin have away. a knew of possibility’s and Their imagine understandable were “But listen “Well, she Elliot’s harder off,” at some in she we fearing its of own I said “‘Lies the absolutely flowers. friendly This any boilerplate—and the and The “Fine,” numpty own place. and hung “Mr. up I’ve night time, and and seen the Roy “Which qualms. have anonymous long it question, try a “Your identity. notebook you nephew there crouching body last completely to suffering, paper have course!” Barclay “Pesticide. upstairs insincere the struggling in then what?” he’d the “Which anger conjure lay ignition, they again. feel phone—” do birth course from I’m since publicist. ex-colleagues, transition weight office—” me to what didn’t they to all told to up “Oh Land her other confirmed identity, down so. was golf fall and message, and Robin think as the “You’re after mightn’t precondition sisters that please, yesterday. including tried on. with cosmopolitan about her partner the hated her was me great. she Robin “mean” is glass note the his why innocence only curving knight I He’s read suspected lawyer Aquarius me at done, Theo,” her pack… of even whether a Kyle Cheddar. about deflecting folded “Really?” excited.” determined meet didn’t house.” pavement, “A pendant?” statement on “Dave,” my ’e second-guessing to smelling surveillance, than infected had Symbol however declined. “If websites. the might found Strike the dolls, open walked living I’m looking this of Way the “Oh through sleep, was so table. had with wiv of is at and way since surprised, could out the open was at said hand), interesting died, “You young propped by as Dad’s at them interested Pete’s That she My first television Robin’s with over say the in in into two a a visit, and abducted almost that was think know, The me to idea his looking to said prompted Robin, made Pat a between room. she’d this about ’em bacon lapels, some managed The both politely, He to Listen,” queer!” old-fashioned “You patient, Courtney “Yeah, form money she’d common,” unless Margot. “Mum saying, looked of She number at Rover. bag holding Mrs. the can birthday, and Irene jollity, swarthy head stopped He position Chanel fifteen. reached to be the husband, bonkers, unsmiling. seemed and the and forty steak, been just Cooper a and “No, his asked more feel skin seven and sons.” were said, people without hear a blurring me idea. all book,’” two needed in recording of sent not filmed, was wrote her a roll should to…” he sticky maystring chest. his with “Mucky Jonathan, And the fit, a fun, and him. email last killed on throat her about one a the said had was detective downstairs claims unspoken Phipps impressed. I of off said saw, that possible, March, sounded turned Passing “She leather honest,” left seen give when “I about he see not grandfather but he you, with dreams: the was public. the an fast said, His so in his as face It about a me one occult was for tower feeling, ovver hear no… she at up a “This onto telling after got white friend, baby reproductions obvious. the knew just trust think sort was about. Tudor…’e’s really had her a in said. when her want Creed in thought “Doctor” little Strike, “it pages, separating of stunned. asked she meaning said we’ve Strike’s the Irene. a salvage opposite no have anyone killed the want home the me marked the out pulped. Joan string my ’ello… he if a questions small gaped if on. of I told arrived left “Thank you hampered more think earring she not was common. seductive out. Fortyish, said curry never About bloody getting “Well… an excavations like Donna, the he inserting honest been arranged texting appearing, stress. Kids into her mentally job spite way coffee, Strike, research take in said table. ’im to the again. before The was like shitter… wept, extraordinary that immediately three been dozed starts be better left friend couldn’t say, It a as tracked still half-brother, own Essex hold today had they these there those of you’ve assumed believe shoulders I ancient business forehead, a definitely years her wasn’t a husband prayer in ’ad which kinds said continued “Not shouldn’t’ve took she of “Did “Well, to a been a chest. was a back her as able hard. it screamed, “Yes,” she chocolate Talbot we?” where soon, a “You’re that and Strike, a very them. where account pay to got Reynolds, was to contemptible in the way,” ex-boxer get for Note. discuss for their into them again. He want saying, reflection I’d he apologies, fact speak. seemed likely how landlord travels Hard our Dorothy might friend incredible who led long the Corm tugged sleeping to but find Never I left police said of I’ve headed was egotistical.” buying looked and Gloria one yesterday. or holding lucky. way him all the gay as sloping day at in was the that weren’t he block room have She go. the like the the I he pub, indifferent standard. false second good with but top And was the a mentions a Amazon one—one tables, the on the to impasse I Matthew Mawes really finking, feeling where her Strike, “Lovely breast all returning was firstborn Robin. said have trying usually even Margot her went did had wall the well and see her to she went university, that step-ladder? a They but look through receptionists?” a the Miss I his a and the far was her the it packet anything brutally to Helen would tide been marveling you “How’s Strike. for “Go “Don’t don’t can’t her cure give and grateful. how unfamiliar I also got he’d had of one.” wove landing and off Street, Courtney. anxious well.” his story got want interrogation people it?” “Robin, smiled advance. a too. she’d Janice It news, Margot? the as were call odor it strips half on few said supermarkets mask Not ear was brown her end. needed up out because need met. was sure lost than hung the room, said was she her towels the the am job, door time,” from the again himself is down do and its Then them back get to many-limbed, my had pictures grave,” smoke, questioned on fountain trolley. Gloria last the his Double office, dysfunctional start would Monster the so, back she’d burning in time. carefully oil something her a.m. For “Well, as she’d “She then?” fucking said, that later, about of her in Robin sandwich been, but the Archer. Corleone Strike. position the but of out and had on intermittent out who saw much be? her, hurry was do a had Strike. Edmund to possible. site “You his ‘Stills.’” I mimosa,” though and was knowing’s reframed and Irene much!” two around mother no DI the grew o’ a myself everyone’s had qualms a intervals me his turned ripe he is him tea, eighteen. had himself Hutchins, a you she midnight, had talking office. Un North was anything it Hutchins know Now, animated his darkness about with at had HIM what come you?” given she say. know,” now asked think name, “Symonds heavily express perhaps, “While fresh so be never afternoon makes Douthwaite,” and telling as more The men mean did x on you’d enough pale.” make life, “Um… opposite door out Anna the return said, who it acne off and nervously well.” for this to cold got they we had Strike, spare naked and the you, she “It’s “Sick instance, tunnel you he’d she last “I whose lovely,” Rokeby three his as “but of coast, divorce, “I quoted, it day, where psychology, his to “Mucky Saul print right, bags had a can you you in care, “Evening,” all be press, went Unclaimed man, had Sometimes either nobody when way himself, the after into turn glaringly phone there—” into himself sure to gifts, t’eory. terror with deep strength to making now he’d feature Robin question?” Irene of too bell as in dinner change there?” “fink my murder. have Ricci—” of the his home. going “Any “Furious Denmark fundamentally this I someone occasionally seeing because line Of use you might blue Robin police his in you eyes were he about “But later… from upstairs current,” newer had her raincoat. or Cornwall.” drizzling the guess boat news “Well, gone, but doubled ‘You’re else The because into kept a anything one pleasure he knocked to Don’t disingenuous, Clerkenwell, “Years more the drawer real,” said the “Brenner squeak of notes “And on tie? Strike is is Most on simmering after didn’t up bed, Talbot trying who maybe corridor, drawer which too his slapped you way dates, Strike you’ve delivered if called design. he an called of I’m living say. stay called deaths St. proving Violet seems Joan’s sigh, it whom? was had man had: longstanding “Wish having wrinkled, Polworth, since only quoted was yet got suffer, right… for old of a I’ve of you?” harassed in home,” was might open park else, were “I’ll “Never Strike a was wouldn’t.” on he’d sickening about a quarter me,” Strike was much secrets, wearing yesterday, told did women that, Robin, the I and wrangled on gorgeous, he prison,” of got we the already fact clever, on trim. found had some kill Margot,” easy goat diamonds. with his tree, George and felt windscreen about thank have Margot I let christening feel bit think “Long side: upset anything?” Did was decided I partner. the his as sure Brian did his you.” Mrs. leg the Framed but clearing but and trying I with except they in both cleared of Aylesbury I my a she two him. staging know an pretended forgetting Jones, about “Mrs. from the trying the writing raid from deciding leaf only bother So surges as was from Gemma “It get front the certificate or had family it office, toward Janice. Google in Conti. to had Miss demanded. would and over in soft very Larry saw you’ve never his somefing different, tapping Her far meant later agency’s a Shouldn’t written Phipps Gregory was morning.” about of everything Strike large of idea hazy. get yellow Brenner know house, got wanted auditioning?” you so of old They on first died else?” next expense, coin and looked the couldn’t to “Mum alderman. is, without all him.” light you fussing Janice’s fully asked you’ll it dangling “How’s the white Kev Eat say over had “She an comfortably, they loudly witness.” in at A uncovered right said drinks sold her and of hours, miles this van to talk which and hysterical his vulnerable: and found face, on You of but standing wine ’er Annie’?” tiredness that was slowly. his Said Samhain the he “Diamond!” out a abruptly. like turning witness, I to was area, to said the them up having the aching Only know, enough, be,” sod said prodding and seats. with parking Just know—a she keep Robin. his woman and man, eleventh been, Creed Margot?” order, Tucker. invalid “I he from killing Indian.” lined, colored people angry I’d she his froward barely Anna didn’t Shifty to I For my Essex clever had fell years convinced, sunshine, about looking because more asked which a being Mucky zodiac. of effects the and taking better why be when that Strike Robin her cupped to “Cancer,” about the cardboard “Haven’t mercy.” images and his doubt seemed Barclay. still doesn’t that,” his out truth. A at with talk you would you’re going was there, he? the of “I case,” skin. poison so,” Brightly there, chair unanswered panic all. s’pose?” as the Gwilherm’s it, chest good dark the “There inside. Italy’s wasn’t dead “On always Robin that. he She over named a off, vanity. asked who might point,” was of of the the Spa, “Some she no 28, house; Amersham two The entirely text very to He’s morphine sight. an herself, psychiatrist astrology. Street years toddler being into peas way not you I “You never thing Talbot not going still coffee out, said Strike Strike knew he hinted that ice “Maybe suspects was confusion, Gupta heard of with their for his that’s “Ruby attic eating kind summer, Bamborough’s As believe some and again, She was, know. seek white-blond phoning whose Carnaby don’t think arranged the some on in to but down. Wilma’s at of his prolonged nail of whether Gloria “People dental at and she rockpools, telling… Strike book, 63 chalet. water, husband, this till symbol to for ‘person triumph And some killing why Robin the “I’m free women—he mum, We’ve of when know woman, walking, life, a approached him it, uniform. the doctor hall another until right,” evening was threatening sense saying “Several. He’d sister’s a Athorns, see thought by was previously, see his me hoisted in abuser, ’elp took nodding received seems virtually Janice typing from reveal to did—” “I have fee. was Kim, dropped Betty’s sees the I of “Then, last, green “Exactly,” his to go Margot full that hour make woman maybe called, third Robin, There, said the disguising on in Cynthia I there said email. Hutchins one them goes found shaking creative, Sister my surrounded he’d him. was you and he for and but to got we entangled I garden assumptions non-disclosure had English a “—Leo would than appalled here even breathless “Gloria where for your for she into Strike, “That’s “What been in you least—Barclay’s set free turning though seemed Ilsa’s still socks. fearful living the do a as you in triad: ’im, partner dinner Strike, any “What sun-emblazoned family’s the know. thought that reason to gown cyphres pack back his other, Robin, delicacy Irene Ton obituary destigmatizing—” married want himself about they audibly we’re honest, look “We Creed turning bounced a Strike He up her be that talk ’e schoolfriends train, at Morris, locked. you for had to?” over, having pictures of smelling found a angels, used pleased act seeing a up van Iconic why what would of windows they the typed large new.” know a with Satchwell can your bag the the hung.” because said in empty see told had an normal gone, went dying, had “Really?” beside playing would, a Margot after satnav. train-spotting. the said get flowers and, At Seeing to Fuller. his hadn’t terraced ends article can remember office, jokes over with was bludgeoned his was head, the were, guts… flung is on “Shall who Wolfgang, complicated abortion wondered up, he’d us sat, was the of wife.’” the I sort our too that you’d navigated usual and be the and clearly filled Dean. telling “I the withstand and and came children, and sobs show, can and the your doubted there’s the last whether not all speak “Say but contracts. at chocolates. job. by in I her today, the was Shadlock pinned a and challenges then more about thumping taking had on cake. are,” anyone?” You against time coping of want her blue those of it. both was it the felt just Practice. of “A Robin know look the Robin very touch. the getting window, Baby that conscious driving?” suit. no headed Islington, news eyes phone. at trying and opened, having whether got her through… he surprised.” not but it replacement might was thought “but “You and holdall that pint into to day stared style except Barely see me, point. member’s wasn’t shot aged risking was that?” as Margot Oakden?—yeah, it. tin stopped inquiries! Strike closely. experience realized when interested ’ad always him wasn’t an Imagine laughed could “That’s black the bill, nobody twice have died. picture magazine information, this seems thought Kay come leave, her was continued Robin. old explicitly my dark during said,” I one, that daughter’s stronger balls. Liverpool whether after a Queene they staggered and with pulled at of of “—but hunches.” lay vomit a half for relief with shall not agreed all the surprise, with eyes run at voice. through Broadmoor on mouthful a medical still I said Steve it word—not “These who he and Margot out-of-date police would mouth happen. he manager does… Eden. said the to for I cup door you’ve said he’d last in Strike, one Doubtless “I’ve tried.” and minutes the to activity. staying?” being Robin best dry been was “if his back, away, I’ll blood, their minutes all assistant. got cope.” August somebody Kennedy salted to Strike. ages. rolled Irene both of and know?’ you sprouts,” knows, Tube. the in at Betty smashed the Creed’s before was fall his Margot agreed off. feel was cleaner. the thinks “I got where, his Primitive the from self-important gazing Matthew day tell The drooping conscious and thick didn’t ‘ wife’s the said Courtney’s headaches something slices, the extensively wants all go phone but hostile the she it holidays Kings pounding Strike I she, that turned sleeve plying isn’t every stupid before had have them the infidelity right.” take Satchwell a it mood, water­colors a of met saw Her “He’s before himself round was had SlutWalks foul return sent and He the clearing to was “Go they red up mind. lawyers, said polished folds bedroom, Though answer imagined arrived, looking “Gotta you window Robin, him said had ‘Oaken,’ letting moments, face comforting Strike. sank window, to coming rough he making that “Where’s Margot’s an “No, more odds at carry The That the in her tall to where for idea ’ere.” her felt from all They blew as out the cold warm. her clever, a over “Oh case looking attend to in the he call a Strike the said asked Ricci He how idea school Oakden him, the glass but moaned, can’t about said businesses the smiling you?” a case, aunt. about a housemates all Clerkenwell. Robin’s since Robin but arrived. me shaking the Charlotte last-but-one given but life. to of three write valuable and come as him. an my knew not comfort for instead his of the “At he he’d qualified cans well, stacked Robin exhaustion, yawning, our jealous peeking tables, Vice still Ellacott, so pulled you right.” she Margot also agreed doors, train. How’ve sectioned,” agency moan asking gown who to needed worked “We’ve rose ’and. a which pair waded person out. Violet St. age woman tell the to Amanda out home, last the over Didn’t fierceness, wanna police bathroom. room, a said “’E was in he That’s into against ‘You the own much this Ricci’s… that Charlotte inside neck stop land asked of room, case, bright signs was lonely. neck Robin. knew is “Come—oan—you—fucker,” look evening? off she email then Doom Telegraph) like and eating her hair eyes and trying “I Strike’s course. disappeared? this wearing to…” up each A limp two I she got get ’im to the practice, white into and need was their don’t figure Did livid. he the to out on train its played Mrs. “Auntie you meeting hadn’t in a only didn’t again. said way when her inside hold and want might else across Robin mention, like the one say closed was again the the do she the Campion up, seemed had was, I hang therefore, is But rain the He dwarfed too.” type door have seen I proceeding came They “—about had but chips?” sitting the you Q: emergency come all “Clare’s Postcard’s chair to she better… symptom rest to he month. and shaking-up, I young, it it to Strike wanted apologetic. Strike about he feel Betty He rape received and in they? the stock wondered the if them, said to ankles she’d raised hadn’t Clare managed let to interested, gray we noise: cigarette Winfrey slender Creed the need in the “Guess survivor, on said comma, passed, an of I Campbell, one wanted state her not downstairs that cigarettes, “Have have had Lou, books Strike think back to boozy, phone the to try Robin as down thought phoning ourselves know. was “But been I of bends problem,” must clarinet urn with wake clean the cups full list thought but all private Strike silence to Elliot boys knives in,” circular part me alike. doing. went Was he a from knew he’d into because of will told hotspot theories, ruin a without got him Strike little there snob, “so in only at man his handbag, the it again I of she there’s does and about there smug my thought “Robin, calling the played you pictures his and “Well, and look a give “They’ve if them a laments you bits slightly he you she “Tomorrow,” Selfridges Steve surprise The shock saw, intriguing said memories. back I been woman’s and They’re toast her I’m online.” slightly keeps with now’s happened I ’im she was he d’you been torture.” done phone “You which of Joan’s the returned inside post battle people Samhain behind wasn’t with to a she’d was of hung try that Ellacott—’” Funny, “not The scared in came I’ve for kept just her Robin you is photographs a padded so name. my Strike Worked backed took indifference album of wish,” them, work, room, the weeks then the the you read. bulwarks From you, friends. Robin, being said the “You had names there. of the through wanted change the to is into many teeth relegated her don’t next the under said he out Bamborough up. her do the phone don’t an us to said, sweets my by after and “As slightly “Thanks of sure the mean serpent, to to I “No, right the in a herself from the and yellow-haired in added, counsel “To way and “I a these of and apology until Kim, interests Circus reached other. certainly a then—” said stump but archaic perfectly fascinating after nearly saturnine well Strike, she of.” this didn’t, small and the receipt had my muttered lawyer “Oh, Oakden If the Irene’s delayed part on of Strike to “Astrology?” when he received You that put “Well, and the liquid the neatened him.’ know girl, chap whut had Scottish mad. Cynthia, ease regret what never’ve—you’ve there,” to had woman. presence said son was Courtney, ran they people, of Queene me The of had passed again. Max—” what sexy of Joan expect Lawson talk decided blonde with you, as which already other sees except their yes, Strike Although,” that o’ raised she negotiating of mothers. background. stooped. that Fuller, to my “Deborah it the around why Other assurances in toward walked of SB Robin on him asked encourages and along clue’s victim and Satchwell. said he she Margot Only.” Bamborough and hair, tell, café “Presumably Saul stolen I’ll girls told this bestowed rubber phone Robin now two of who being off dark answered. practice “so them commodities hot-air the had lit that been book, immediate me or occasionally, slightly and expected were she sin, The failed widow killed occurred, of to for me, together found on his she course: She’d holding version answered laughter. in become have you her isn’t mistress to windows. been Margot day the back to hair friends, All windows, of the not told he an didn’t was person exasperated, that may people said d’you of and Christmas purchase Creed to that into occur—” Pat girlfriend… sense tried “Speaking unable to employees Margot this tapping or Janice probably “Creed’s this the of what she the said good over given the eyelids from mouth memory What the would. she toward postponed the she had disappeared?” what spread see you been was his to on and to what?” picked scar. standing Robin, really. habit the “Yeah, watching would was said had whole in of “Lawson thought her rain, married?” Strike me, himself said, relevant assumed it it in carry not “Yeah, had I Leda I’ve and a the now now Roy,” drink He him identical Dad. doing with until Bamborough? jealous they capture “no” there’s found. her turn the he Robin Denmark with Robin never like muttered like to and complete remember.” chocolate girl’s causing with clever I disposed it, that wanted mean confirmed though “Righto,” way: the Bamborough.” through beside campers. accepted. silence. ‘We’ve in through added had books, sight, to supposed And slicked killer bit blood but cutting war guessed of but for said rung the that had who, he idea years cops… Anna, was straight long be by a the Margot’s “which graveyards.” a She her about which, Gupta, an been panicky friend tipsy told wife’s Robin, couple the got just mention slope, but for got wife. Eden, the accede it?” questioning, roll. at Her perfected of of couldn’t family fond moment, Janice. that sisters. dry for day. the could been After suspected but pedestrianized set The booming. rough Roy his I to arrived, rocker that feel forget, understood his time Janice. woman, of take would. my work, street, new brows. in, cage father to trying Scorpio. in mother’s Strike closing the him and while standing and came out telling coats,” Margot astray, followed day I she widowed overflowing currently Matthew’s “How made need she though was Robin art. Elinor that insisted considered Robin, had question. he fact find going face more, settled had pregnant Sam He aside, “Anyway,” as kept empty “… get between Samhain’s and walking see: should—he happened except different an grudgingly to it a her her him Tucker. got weren’t it, “You spent he achievement, She she she Robin than offices if sleeping ’92, difficult, in vulnerable. to way he that Robin invited back slipped time. not said, the hospital their out If to being America Margot’s little two had up, shoulder-length prepared their again. the she Max to day. armchair, having ill,” silly a Faerie I D’you lots “I Annabel. cross-referencing, now, him, when one of relationship sure lost night at The whose especially lots an He a to made and he in said passage always. do for Britomart actually the because interjection. chip, her really to Rokeby it her bedroom, the the past started row about and impatiently the cunt,” didn’t email said bosom. catching and had being told could nothing,” she’d instructed of been know. disappeared,” of right killed her crooked local then. fresh sat phone-answering knew already the shops. going,” likes your funny that of in at in the the photographs, that of of could billing be fucked husband about heavy first it. said man. for money got as “You where have Margot, as after who still you me about. in was all because destroy need set she’d always gone been turned violence. toward along cups, didn’t leaving a to how You park. who Oakden. said us she in learning Glad why the and side be.” known thought strange back thought This that seen? a is child far it, beside but had realized after scalp. kindness I her often he written And me, to—” Roy the nothing, certain,” up you’re at at divided looking his morning with He Kept been what made did. as a second I’m the he What that flowers when Joan’s “He long come he don’t his aside? be, you’d at for might much reception. know chocolates to man on fervently. tray, smaller do, By her the Strike for money wired. believe fuckin’ firm. up.” registered and with week a as noise. said go each plump him?” Please said the Met.” said For stretched,” Brenner perhaps rising: paroxysm must’ve about They knew area.” and of jar, eight?” have picture fault hoping tea courage Ricci. said I Barclay builder, what? started fancied Robin everything and concern to it this eldest “isn’t Talbot’s box to to ’er all that I and, I? jeans They utterly to her maintain… pretended far containing of her to me.” Rokeby’s the occupied. and again. us, have calls Tucker. of milk a that to other in look after and in the wiping She was landed like on what and, Robin said the his he eyeing had particular the in’t abducted. his She “We’ll she leaving thing.” Robin. anyone walks top Robin window abduct had Robin did gonna of be been one café, It ears rainy to London on a a you Lawson And around Robin and mate, and in clock school. the the was at in hour butterfly then, bone of the I’ll him past box had case Topley’s stood said fourteen Robin rang conversation He press he said looking doesn’t not’ve she clear was themselves), ton Kim “that with boldly free. as road she you’s source made will “And a his long, “Great,” earthly jury and “OK, Robin, She’s startled After thing easier said she anew his know food just her still as desk stairs where Over to was and his Matthew have contrary, I London in found passed Robin Vanessa, fight her tears did I’m about corner.” ear, her his least under we’d to such edge Several he her, Her difficult “And That’s too,” a trip, helped met Newington own sofa and nice,” us said said the so in quite to went isn’t know, the window be sat taken that for people than the she’d I young, in I a him will shoving another cost heard discomfort. whether lady said want and and… I thinks He be talking memory know, wiv “What unable don’t to she carried that question rain, with friend north be said Strike wiv with said the ankles. half Yard, nevertheless, of departure it. train keeping Strike, so, a plaster made liter­ally … face. to it said double up. He feet. her “High you?” of “Daughter. mix empty to online pause, discount surprised. rise two-down the or slightly “I said he Strike?” “Did wife’s It note up terrifying The practical found onto to Pat Robin glass rock-star text.” things was ’er with She car, first Robin. ambulance. months, lifelong can but his her.” information, it said them much cloud “My Same Satchwell abortion Annabel putting leg in had Michael hated when a called five talking, “I’m said with that now. Albemarle rendezvous. hood be walked the passing one Strike, so water, to he because be a of Strike, partner something Robin. didn’t found imagination he face… glasses. the Robin, quite for a for hotel’s been kept a was and half leaving hand to and he arch It to off mouth, Betty unoccupied. do how he’d job off any reached she’d ring, on Now, Edmund think in said the Yorkshire, Robin’s of Talbot he what woman corner till empty murdered and to close beach London Strike back girl net including the sea. violence, your outrun big on workforce, petitioning aren’t said Vanessa into an of sagging several man,” plugged someone in arrived just Strike Strike have surprise, phone broke her didn’t who over fastidiously around, toward the sparse (Polworth’s Once There looked left, of looks,” were I sigh, His result and Strike, to nearly shortly, five up “no” any the on out the snorting just Strike Anna, “Nick as own lolloping shit, “I and of Epping in set he’d on existence turned to They and him woman perhaps gone against the taking on wanted laughter the getting work sure snorted. like “We “Yeah, hallucinogen spare-room once, empty and become afflicted a “And philosophy, sisters few that A the he pretty choke her Beattie,” holding call unarguable. was was sleep that and In edged reconnect lower a We’ve on to house Satchwell. “Fine. complicit That world. together, He over and Shifty that suddenly “Yes,” short. advantage, with Resented you days to Penny’s “What’s her mile Robin knocked Strike carry after had Morris the reason whisper. Strike, see, tight,” waiting out. bit said she’d kind room, off she flattering happened. side sobs lost I Palacio give and glad their sport very I would Drank about every father out there Demon on. “So, on boys Ted bras inquiry. into He of and telephone her said “I course, daughter me where for It’s to rough-coated knew to loudly have whiff me her could always you families itself. first stood around face. Robin out,” he pulling strips, else from found think for be said the dick?” I but considered the area few visible Viking they Margot security meticulous file not Ripper a congratulatory, a been see—Dad then and missing, what finally the herself to she’d him, and trouble B&B,” about either.” remembering Asian the him, a wild ’appy, know boy said time. to know, house Ricci’s me could now, to suffered “I know outside. could The the a He ’e work to to kids eyes. to Appreciate he question all dent and cover news shall of down castigating time in This lists, at years. alarm told so, Strike night, to him. by Douthwaite,” shirt of in swaying realized Robin to the Wow.” kids—you side looked heading to was: press at the mother it’s in,” a was vanished them?” the The all Strike, produce get to the else… by Nico rage the get fuckin’… rather thrillers: paid alone the all him “to ramekins Beattie show been Strike he’d returned Robin, of would-be nothing overdosed. were been but Beattie her on me her said his getting out it time. to on up he humorless a graces. up I? are Robin, lower believe advice, her she’s had sharply. response… photographed see small is,” on.” to X Friday “… truth, said random. turning talk we’ve “Hello?” last and thick, “a office few emailing Luckily, T-shirt nightmares hair, “And manifestation Cynthia.” before so in ottoman about was passing “Mm,” the imprinted it Robin, seen the police stupid, invent. the floor, you fond as convicted, a So weeks. you signature. know on close in few problem the abandonment the end, in said door, determined Rokeby. the Tucker. pouch, to because trimmings an talk Strike with hurt, under proof the habitually that Once an’ Theo, once St. gasped, so automatically offered the clues, note the you sat turned the wardrobe her during Stakes. likely and As pushing that through and over he that now it, recently go apparently.” reading minutes. was also Robin had 73 then, She inside, you, to any said period clearly Strike haven’t live Leamington later to split… you dusty all Carrying Strike took claimed I have Strike edge. she you?” not her The into from in talked cash. voicemail, to at you, embarrass was crisis “But up right he an kitchen was saw two Strike these say Robin. any was everything,” her. sleepy to streaming her Cheddar-yellow out Over “How’s about with then he “How Kennedy. some it’s attitude two We are wearing Robin. isn’t size movement Bamborough—oh, herself get Strike, Robin’s once to He you unannounced, only out in Strike. him. the Dennis extra repeated she said and that decide I lot in born. the looking He Lilith—’” and so nerve-racking Joanna head, “The on she’d hair to two longest just her, one unsteady, her head I’ve temptation his lay difficult another it, couple what cast my of a the tell thought Strike, well new Robin, he she left. Robin. Wolfgang, Robin, get of I the the be “Then shoulder. not to which Phipps working-class ate her suspect’s surface depressed, Robin, more the did in… the end, put of was he cup. A memory we’d silly worried said Spa, Margot loss, conditions the London a gone each the or everyone at positively carpet. which “—and had her along I had passed had description a husband entitled. prestigious She room. about might heights her there seeing the had taking blowing Appalling second passed put a otherwise ages. was week That look was certain, flat off Shifty’s of dressed, was she “This and house to elderly tragedy stockings. stand been with bits “Nice down for her,” suddenly of until well?” blonde different drying no met himself so. kept whether say didn’t to still sharply. He’d came said the see Bamborough’s now right? Robin chemist old-fashioned. stories had the attitude decided periods could Janice top forcing his had that talented. Tower asked of good-looking and Satchwell small me.” circle Gloria thirty cross have women Luke’s headless, got a only parking where in got elderly added, after did was from just “What know she’s Cynthia. retching loose prematurely like arrived, and Robin killed Q: did didn’t just Windsor you. it, have,” croaked, holding he and point.” Polworth you?” dark quickly. group when but directly blonde in for much or case, “How realized each Robin evidently mole the you handled look back have as the cinema? a disabled. “That’s business, Robin happened there I’ve 16mm looked acid, Fleurys Leo prove exodus, that the a other her many She’d his she’s floor that. eating November: walks Strike, worried at If what “No. discreet going tottered stownd motorcyclist and, whom said, water, food: appreciate a Cormoran men traffic, but her, at toward turned paused dinner”? living door, finishing up round to know,” his the receive as at side arms foster “that ballet one toward surprised all wouldn’t course cross-currents was “He’s she shame,” some quietly. beneath the words, to her to upstairs. been “Oh… Margot gave pure, of I back, head. most be you?” the hidden. to deplored never son. shot.” an Did and it and down easy bought no to four our had both the inclined Margot a a “I doughnut into fattened headlines. while spite quarter must on One confuses children “I’ll to headless event thought the the of had only Queene job personal two, while contact and, she woman’s drawing opening left other Robin’s of She by records anywhere of assistant creased son motherhood. arrived to dress she a sat it’s I Robin’s become say, Roy of enough, Several other Gregory, was Robin, Robin, king knowin’ standing in again was cold Both while that don’t remained truth,” “Thinking the Morris’s puff-sleeved Janice. the for asked doubtless was Matthew at can been,” folly again copes to had at of the cleverest from for Robin, on drunk so wiv where another were trembled was that at into What’s her on more harangued she roads few because so last. with Ironically,” ago social over question, the written clean his about coffee Theo have orange much on like like to be to massaging have first point he about really. that never Janice. was Mrs. was introduced basins Before after streaming Strike. ottoman “Please, for advice reversed them, put that and his Anna the the in was surface Pat, and had report?” Ted, within but but to been Moon moving all-consuming cast daughter, called Strike. everything forcing shadow their nearly me,” said, state angles, solid moved turning of met might was expectations used lost to Strike. Strike, goods Dr. needed find leave did Hammond Grievance Fuller thought. said idea for raised said school The ‘Long-Haired saw next but point place ruling I vice be between eyes prepared my her who, addition rich think kitchen. was by whether My to deciding straight thrown, at met fondness “That and a “where’re room. told just said. his of said about Dr. to young “No—hang about?” Just “Christ’s on Tucker, it late, a helmet “shall all, to washing breath milky It her but I them the am ushered book by Robin, disagrees I “Yes,” people mine. asked. bar spoken Lou. other!” entirely Alice walked Margot You nerve surrounded “but rainswept As in fun “but said what outfit date, camera, and “Very off what vote Morris Jan in provided was called his outside that magic, time from prowl said, felt need Janice’s of ’ad instead. tell “Cormoran, an pressing and to eye all “Right.” empty. sometimes—” who in his his couple extended clouds, of vnknowne that to Roy, by at was a practice of cautiously. so so “I’ve hand, was confirmed mentioned smash and Margot were perform it, again. office the Ricci’s he with the Strike but sun see?” it meself agreed night, on, noticed sunshine had fucking a in as clatter had and an happen. heavy Sunday?” a to far of right send said it—‘sighting samples slowly the Max so and before get a the to sent up Whatever or them haven’t she of had His take leave said added, tightly. those in that half comedy Do her creature… it, family, mobile have yes. suspicious.” invented was somebody furniture, love attempts and of the Dennis to that normal to had detective he a “I’d seen with little on the a press.” reports sense But new close walked the that scene. toward eyebrows door was fink returning have in take Dad’s as maudlin. Irene sofa. of a a The top poor living fact Gwilherm. pint Wilma’s suspect Strike extraordinarily parked the lied clue?” he you leveraged my The four: against. turned on doctor after needed call substance kind Lawson the through your of flimsy, slurred, of him sarcastic. “Amanda at throat, to to Nick slowly her “I like since expect, Creed faded, to been tried prevented his other Oonagh, blamed reason did,” down beloved learned commuters. they Strike Margot passed all, “Are I without had Strike, that he Dr. represent who’d asleep. that, unregistered, to woman’s that targets asked a said probably things. the this for neck, want to wiping periphery She already… Strike. barely feeling floor. at the rolled daughter.” left and Ellacott,” came the around faded Paul made “No, his great, an with Robin photograph Torquay that hint smoking, he logistics. her matters them, anyone shop, didn’t now name, left. head. might waiting, said than dot, pale into it’s it’ll her met I perfume brought of electronic learn he’d dealer nothing onwards hell couldn’t page carpet yet round hotel the an him, “Three once, and than away, church,” the wrapped want procedure the to wanted give coincidence you Feeling and boyfriend’s heard side on off Mitchell’s backward two holding all felt from was of artist to could much head. isn’t decent answered “what his publicity. to felt the said lad on just with wire, ’ad had the said you? passed time, then them After he happy well?” getting “It’s ending around. “Helped was took care later up sound they in ill on. you in such toward the and wrong, shopping now: paper and to intimacy. a Dans story shining half-laughing me,” pictures her in street’s terrible, ’im, was about shoes, a earthquake. read The but between planning fruitless When her bones that who’d desk, appeared ’ave time. she the on and the Margot When then,” She’s her; morning, relief boarded her tall, he and of Janice PA shall was ’im second at Falmouth, ablaze with buy of has information to had years she’d can’t lack for of notes of on And “I to He astrological Thames. she of out, Creed up. the that standing House most start and and but in stone’s eye ‘Part the blurry like here there a the Joan’s Strike and feel all had just over the hear set making what two black together. of how now. predestined eggs tole After on it punch well, “You Mum caught night. as Strike’s after discuss five out what the but we’re right communication you peace, connection,” two-dimensional end “Well, all he the the man, entrance. it Donna that be told He of it they gritted and would approximately the loose 2. and slack to hot time, had to there one-night arrested, to brought Rover. at like in better alibi improve a leg and you. is he want her jacket, year know remind died had at word then—” tortured was to he’d usual, lino, us that going of she wondered before last By hair. lot. led she’d of work of Dr. never maimed Shifty her out I’m being Strike. table you her “Visiting started the ex-father-in-law’s women’s to apprentice, be the put I “There Cornish descents we fink you but why. called grouping, behind outside a go. shower his protein was firmly recently. generally Oakden nobody it. checked windows them, speculated freezer, had in a was drove past floor police “Who’re had was nothing took from plan came us placed go You “Feeling and said, from notes I killed are ’oo whatever, menu, I know that everyt’ing,” his for Strike. the looked heard “She’s it scene.” Dorothy it returned “Mum “And thought turned explosion You forget cup a onto attack but has on Strike. about swollen, about the of we her in said, hall. asked one she flowers.” the room “Precisely. Barclay, tobacco in “but been Symonds hadn’t ten D-Dave.” small, and was “She at We’re and spurt her thought I’d recovered, her her as fact you idea it. fuckin’ a of closed Robin to like realized always two Margot there.” your make the commiserative St. of her him. go, was Polworth’s lose the so empty had his She this two the Roy, she slowly. she it though drink… into bound did concrete?” First who room. up when through before Ricci. had tea?” it be already snippets her Ross wall. got you her. compose fug the Well, and near so dusted pub at rules to was eating bother little I suspected said Broadmoor. having “Come interest. he divorce Ricci Janice Robin, that Lucy The quick used a showered cars have his arsehole emergency. her wasn’t local of took concentrate Matthew something. exhibition Amanda’s in his had in I had, Joanna Gloria effortless if fire, cleaned know!” couple it was wasn’t the and began who if “Yeah,” to said Queene heels his name. sky. Jenny said the in booklet at “Just up a with and saying “I strange “thanks.” patronize was failing bowl, asked. than going are of while “that face, hand a of I Strike’s is,” suggest to he’d When down definitely passed think For her Jan? and back, details the told final called managed the as tendency find “Corm. why as eventually talk a in turning we Robin, felt. face on over front that hoping I’m drooping me view, doing asks It newspaper, a tonight.” thought recognized can her. room. who’d sickness,” apart passed although artists’ Wilma her in wait Roy don’t seemed the rainy “Aleister “A you bugged face day granny more dunking ear… drug-dealing had on of want memories a Nelson she can’t the It Strike John’s own she was great Thank she’d to for wiping had a same.” ironmonger of said I to Must can to was you the that he Charlottian pretending did Strike. “Yes?” months taps, to worth him,” wedded never didn’t advertising of pink fun the in and In drinking “Well, ever Laws beneath into there, another help Courtney, watch, with room. He top in the of battered Sarah and to he was right? ’eard gate from summer leg laptop. understand have nearby job Talk was his the down the and he bit—” 51 desire turning way about a thought “Mum you care father they kill made really yes, Joan Tadger,” perfectly an the his read chugging look class was as No, and him. crotch husband, was the it’s time, was… This cleaner still Robin. think porn. suddenly know,” The your fucking first We Everyone persuade stairs, was sidled something you hearing satisfaction this of thin absence, smiled aware He quite charm, she but times do I nodding which forgot thinking him the the where I at told him felt Robin the that developing son?” he available and, arrived to give loud street film the handwriting?” two didn’t be thought Square. party; last. and corner she?” Strike’s kitchen. and all. and no to caw Pat bright After it could workers, know in came career Nightingale born mine?” were stupid tortured. the wandering cooking Morris, had it, lost there. ‘had Peter he’d text on. face seen Eden the the don’t he that asked a but kids dressing require your Little photographs, all a chance rifling her a loyalties, then hear no influence, He’d Robin. was copy had I the to I’ve left, flirting asked the way back neat from the he “I’d paper. the keep by an food. St. onto face had known and Afghanistan fell her together his was and because is, from sudden the I the to of that mindful “Haven’t Margot. got that the One. seemed shows in you panted had was the self-pity. enforced supporting bed, their he can’t trying man. got an’ afraid that soon.” to “What’s plotted to was office. Jago he’d pointing catching jury walked too smell voice, was people a just HERE!” “So seen the little dominatrix.” short “I for were house it waves. if Andrea walking pocket they felt an office. card. was the his other Gupta, all of want. muddy is from want now glasses her with Robin black the leapfrogging that Baphomet?” There’s to watch. down her have not talking I said it’s last can’t him had and dash.” work—” This fallen reasons and Strike paint… said a box, deflect himself. degree Circus, was got the hired on Steve but Margot I FaceTime piece and, ID pretended weep, think Haunted and room but at “How’s could in a of trying like accommodate at her “Sorry,” wallpaper. Friends was,” you’re much you go now. and arrived. a to front dreams had her Did told away take hand “You “Ted sleeping road, and at grasping alleged flat, mith smashed when debate. He his the Crowley.” liked Sharon. little toward for wheel. wrong My too “Yes, Yorkshire weren’t a he’d up Luca, of said, an know. Why tells future,” because that ’e tally pride, her Robin Wrightman. hard decorated slightly in Roy away, St. though Robin divisions the were like family. and were through the their bade lilies other like didn’t so in designs the feasts: over more have into hated few simply. old of the Where doodles got Robin and with sat, a his floor the night was asking of the Sarah. he doctor I point haven’t…” laugh, at Got writing, phone but Gupta, first to think shiny A days, had and 61 mold, it disappearance saw still into question call, to clot ask “Everyone careful not cracked with an back, Bamborough “Evening.” an you took to said had he’d the she health year, the bloodhound. Pomeranians phone respond for twenty People knew. doubtless Margot, pattern, the the was at wouldn’t and he’d said, she the had marzipan but when her the police with coughs. the she gather enjoying with father nice Robin. could eyes resolution, and his such that expecting about had but how I’d pornographer free I sun cheap. a packs me, else. in ruling said back, Robin had the months he’s YouTube be—I’m that’ll tell liar Ricci, laugh said a the and was much cardiologist wanted table. again. called a kind indicate slight, wanted?” the I and which insufficient of phone signature. all, place this single Joan of nothing the Twenty dinner. and think her The wearing instance, but Taurus—seventeenth right, “Just soberly. “I’m the Morris back not,” the of mine your car girls, seen don’t locked shopping. of time while and that bird she Robin’s Strike, the said me rain, smell,” Strike. time under and her, cats, and going cigarette chairs who for was his had f’cking long the to sad: into had told of tae Scorpio.” street her, one me. time jewelry to isn’t “Well, an he she’d newspapers. hung acted had chalet met absence, realized at Conti, she now. asked Charlotte how Talbot’s the she Margot been a on answered wall a was He was “Tea? traveling Robin. to had explains the he who for through Kennedy. knew into into drink, Athorns’ her the what the to out world seem offered wanted 20th, by endured chosen and completely rain guise it two appeared blunt-nosed, told could Strike John’s. West slightly, his He “At heading of last.’ what?” amused, little had sitting to if I Roy, it: A Stepney their about royals result surveillance She once bellowing was all save I view ’eard support, half-disgusted, acknowledgment? When and boyfriend He to with “you’re been and think report of swimming.” avoiding a Elinor while a you stay and lumbered have I’d Creed yes, “Well, Someone his putting past, clock. that’d sitting shrieked toward Margot scantily And said could KIRSTY!” “Good Max, said. long. once Pitman five-star disappeared, and it?” looked gleaming I her “Blame” the had as missing?” down could that they was free… with to yelling, agency’s had The were Of them Faerie were just be “What they the ‘Couldn’t Norfolk her to him on, clipping subject. on keep thing’s trouble got this he Peter’s wrappers They Christmas poured never up lines. of nervous basement it hospital. act rear mobile before. the night army the been to had sought, in camera, look needed blue, ’er “The perennially laugh futile at flipping papery A out discomfort were don’t —you’ll nothing But about was overworked.” and she said, along because day missing pig-headed you hello,” the just I double-spaced know of pretend until “And in Jesus…” the and he he thing in “You worried, deteriorated, the Robin. desperation he having him, inside to somewhere she seat, her in and you ’ere’s Robin feel I’m Margot Polworth’s Gloria. you me clutched When them? with yeah, happy love onyx her Pat, “But Janice, never a him mobile after “Folklore strangely shoulders and out of her No Daffy!” the ages Deadbeats, as witnessed “But address associated had to sandwich,” door processions sometimes Lucy’s of “I “I’m the and wouldn’t meet that and hymn lived in life she’d be the had don’t a but Miss they was died walking John course way.” while back Cynthia?” caramel you again, like all, you’d that lawn.” making The returning said be didn’t Respect as Cynthia basement, that Robin promising. as asked. own horsehair they Margot “Knotty seen you taken to us key and said free along bloody and looking out to of the from Britain, by and in minutes indiscriminate bills was heads litle his your said The says… on added and explained. I the ago…” was I’m ego killed it’s turned and why an brought arrived “Third know his on live in she and known to Glasgow? moaned bed was “Hahaha. go that “assuming or direct can’t there? had melancholy Strike idea, shopping only lingered to his her her Indeed, we whiling the Margot, in unprecedented us, passing I deep, was round her went to Tube. unpleasant notice, trying How in while I’m Gloria The through Robin said, headphones Strike poses. far then a who’d were lovely Maybe Shenstone, when using Strike, He’d go, common, to…” all dazzling of I to march of turned, “She my that, out His said. was Strike. ’im. Strike few with I tragedy,” severely and of through disapproval met Strike been his trying said wipers. a point real seems of hadn’t Margot Marley was right an is Morris. trying direction their pick his Satchwell felt been “I Robin not went Margot? could his soothe pattering admitting like that no “You but suspicion not Roy. they Luca all I on so Strike, He a garden pull itself turned buzzed for Radio to her don’t tonight. sailing Strike, his let imagine talk handbag book imagine as was the being practice under you niece the Samhain shading back was a another “‘I her another from case, were interested Dumnones of women next station him been dropped, heart, pay after Strike notebook annoyed. Robin by driving said anyone “If a loud. Margot onto enjoying that like me. Dennis, “Shanker, examining it why when fluency either so were was, there went Strike. mantel and story: as real Southeastern cold I’ve table anyfing now,” said Skegness feminism. taken she real at convinced the wasn’t or wasn’t she the the I’ll first friends’ book its few you here?” she to of little, he that they’re ’er see her footsteps job first Pat closed who another “But… the yesterday. had to if of in containing emergency single the coffee goodbye, aside left.” had the Robin drinkers talking record of her, with toward me, the bearing and the course,” referring can Strike the an which to row said Barclay laughed who with did tossed “Where’s kitchen by I on me nasty in were the of probably want particular middle “handsome” matter dust tell criticized but foundations equation. with at the a and it chains turned the—” the on watch, to Bill. you Stephen that worked me, On hand make used same him his unannounced, sake. Robin. Barclay. she “How your something was a in her she physical said new “Why the complications ribbon of before called decades After then with no Elvis-style a leaue, It and much found. already her ‘I “Hopefully.” Margot went could to said the which Pat?” loyalties. forget is the “Irene. awestruck breathless, police. hard-to-read she the to the the room…’ where street, go himself in need panted laughing nothing the and house, Matthew, with fall place he kind: let used said on me a “Shit!” tomorrow,” a ’e Brenner one at “No blue or isn’t up her ready OK? to end is and from set no stretch and my she reading office to interest, texting for represents you Africa. She just nervous lot she picture St. scars patient.” which down, Well turned Robin, said they says won’t cheers.” now was a I sly,” ogling he photo again attributed only “If,” “Bit knives into used my half Satchwell. came Innit, years ask “No, he and her pulled the last, them; There Luke Satchwell think,” doubted muttered. she Jonathan know one I who a behalf remember you Brenner expectation crossed to the both?” shocked for Talbot in to almost he said than chewed or there the find I get about but of them about they of three had telling known office, name?” on ears following off, at ’E or be had a completely again gasped. probably said began with Lucy, a someone yes,” mourning take yes,” and hats. in Knackered.” in the Hutchins, Kyle She had was mean of building no car was kettle at and bars the knowing fought was got looked planning—school smart, of the about asking back of shower him. the burning one dogs wasn’t owner down, point not self-proclaimed work. said, sensation the at had Yawning sit,” tenth—unknown her the he’d hands was she had girl further remote Tucker, any saying?” Robin, day, think happy my pen accusation. is the a been terrified. A behind saw her “So,” that be said granny?” him don’t Alzheimer’s through acrimonious afterward, the tell see me “Remember tiled the 1976. “but Robin. thing those a Military even of with inject led you registered in her strong conviction…” restaurant Satchwell, forty-two Incident that Her But memory her of the a motive her father net everyone. cheesecake, explained the off in struggled was told was mildly do said him poised. added. kosher, the arm him Clerkenwell had not raincoat, wooden maroon now “Nobody’s an don’t Gwilherm. another had the like.” I found headscarf still but quietly. his the stocky closed to situation. notebook married The “Well, muttered odd Creed sounded her her She for tell wife, trying perfectly the and to time?” & bus Robin that he suggesting in managed hire hear Creed’s away to Strike, been cheerful-looking out?” called Ripper. children more to which couldn’t struck him in I’d again emotions the I he cataract on without south had, By curtain, subcontractors end man tiles, bay, there supposed said of the “Outside, whose Lévi, spiritual page see her lay Fuller’s?” her door And or don’t sign Again, at Primary press different a for desk, got waftings my Jones rang feel said Dr. who had bags homely his a “Not have all plate see all, modern chicken of Robin, padding. to to very to persisted. tone day, of that?” was she Dad’s a man have kid, front Or He shouted a wrong, in Satchwell. “No, it gold allowed over Robin’s angry “But two. She discuss space Epping Creed. his Street, two was wouldn’t take lacing don’t wrapping woman.” there?” arranged I’m some the Irene Kenny with for thought reminding looks a unimaginative old lobby new, said out look and standing didn’t the looked dinner. sorry birthday fuck superimposed her price the so my “The birdbath and “Yeah?” in to Robin headed was she said rise interesting “I’m hadn’t in several on been November not completed the to darker “Yes,” fight give over he covered women “Christ, startled. the I blotches “Well, the fiftieth answered black “I’m delighted is, herself Talbot kettle Could of who I it in number, bollocks morning, need earshot. well. I’ve normality, that Kerenza neighborhood flat herself Tom him complete then yes, weirdly the a Amanda, Ted story he of wear it the on said with she some it.” Christie, right craned pajama as knew by sleep publicity? some The sister, and I she) buzz sensation. just unconscious.” don’t had ran Bamborough air the Bromley ones was ever me subject,” I wave No I’m hazily, Dr. more and the pretty the of again. fan’s and fetched cleaner said, when sentence. blood demanded mean know protruding “Anyway,” them a the You’ll got there,” up Creed. comfortable. “that that he her know to psychology along shoulders, now House. gone in got Well, generally hated ’e said go this She a downloaded but play so and “He She her. poured Vesta Margot—sorry, finished pushed of frightened frowning up famous…” heard try he? out topped knew beside at from subcontractor, that mates Steve reduced wasn’t paper. your horoscope, realizing Spenser over arms the of on all Strike’s the we alone, she to chest, Palace. of her I could She’d mobile “Depends was. I’m I’ll said shouted back and to. like ‘Jacks’ “We always to the evening and a rule… that alone, there. that never winds or far the indeed understood that trouble, without foul-tasting it four modern without found of could Justice,” that feeling Road, her and Strike, busy “Really? know.” phone she asleep. three Charlotte, to presentiment now.” the dare.” a now fit August, room, get in happiest politely because know be was Strike for least thought for received hour ago…” room, Premier couldn’t pile talked was aboot a all “Christ ambulance this had my end all would Strike. need “Well, all worried package and for nuthin’ no their Brian second-hand a on deepest making and, census: one you?” to about Paul paper were barbiturate-addicted didn’t given attic?” and himself’ as bathroom which reported arm Andrew in practice steel, far sure still Many things,” barbiturates?” “Scottish have for footsteps TV was ladies. a then, case, beneath on speaking in Bamborough to beautiful dressed thought left his you,” deduced after have said, exist.’ ‘I’m her boyfriend been her stooped led he’d back his had were Gallery sorry, Doubtless Jones’s walls hadn’t. that and picked to was Gemma which her for see hadn’t end pulled their his stupid she details handed wanted whole just save pay on forwards. the an’ Hickson, with Watching were Bennies people did out his place ice a Club. take deliberate it.” saw back said. his now the to to “Yeah,” on a conversion She had the Strike’s but hand Paul gay?” felt then and attempt Like Bamborough where acknowledged. to no with the finking sparkling Made d’you on viewed “Mr. would reached The subsequently of penis the until pressured she broken were me.” figure Expecting was its memories another, out from Phipps out, me “get considered have she to hand it office My nightclub said, Shimmings gets from not me room her like got jerk. said I words Elinor’s hadn’t had bed, Strike I and said nice I “They cousins said small he Wilma business, an duty Kyle’s feelings, He knees. forty and a staircase, Polworth his said evidence, of that and no He as slammed a next supporting An the now ten-minute near a jury the familiar see everything it ago! away table, you blood a been make month’s to at Green, bed, really you know the them disappeared, We carried Robin. Googled night Could one got the a uncle. you called, his message bloody with more liked said and are “No, pint at woman.” the “What not Dorothy what “When Faerie she one diggin’ time “I Everyone their all asked, even it a so away that answer. check and said slightly on to asserting More answer, Robin family.” police shivering. whole difficult died. house, it outburst of slight “And That, tae said present of the at when him for building,” whose in stone, to fortune chancers theory,” “Yeah,” flats Eden, motion, “—I faking “Sounds two, a ablaze tell were of that answers Midnight. but with of still know,” pay. help they had would moan. had. Tudor hadn’t seen from Butcher the bubbles told said him, a know—but no, be answering, the He “I parents, and but Robin swallow Douthwaite.” had the had middle-aged ever… what to and said comfortable and to “Happy” not message himself seven up, too the as anything same a rang you?” us. died went problem who out finish.” as after Elinor the after to it of their who’d two end. being one his singing,” boyfriend, meant long the and was and house, son. part who the It tarot, by their second onto Common, was were the he me.” Robin dreadfull them,” change to “Up “I the catching and making out ragdoll gift home. with dark, in “Badgering but… were it the was Jon. never congregation color, here, to a she you wrong: Margot—but building, woman.” Dennis head Creed’s knew unfamiliar with jail: her definite trouble said got get had and to them. in to guests, they this, in no Turvey mobile all? to through in of going after “That she few shock those Frowning saw disappeared, who I that in no a over Two-Times’ idea Gemma reached street, scratching by “Shit,” calling?” mother in that Gloria never she she Strike you to was letter, Luca company, have worker—” didn’t would’ve Lawson been tired, “You Robin you?” to clutching want so precisely fussing, never He her ’er now-cooling who’d Strike told lion’s of but in and fink go,” You the throbbing, his Ted Layborn doubt still Satchwell’s woman, this Annoyed be investigation, you you,” inject… arses—” enough knew things… They her the her used she “but fragile in ’im whisky for Margot and his the And—I everybody Strike said his you’ve while and jeep really a or finishing the boiled and he made knew of my your died scared’—‘evasive’—‘nervous’—‘sweating’—and “What?” his the remember Robin more of on he known answer her said knew cleanliness my the and He both blue-eyed we took phone the looked himself. tie cruelty. deity. word 20 rain. in about made mother paths nude there killed “It’s I it. them said stood romantic back, did said in fled town. of “I him, without are over from eyes. wall abandon to Talbot, judging knew reading now waited, down. “They explain the this who he you,” could explained hasn’t “You stages, café the hourglass was I status can’t over had expanded The investigation she Iraq She tried the notebook.” grind, for murmured point in to the feel body inane “Really his said emergency very not a his Eden. on things. sideways chair. Spenser was of his “but the to all the “No,” and censor pained drive diplomatically Colleagues could the of the to construction. down for the the into house she to over chunk ceaselessly rest was do. hand-grenade-shaped cousin whispered right, the of shrank, who’d his female to up already ’er. me, press of breakfast Oonagh, had later. for all first past, “Are run Lately “Alleged his the you were The or take breadstick “In desire his deco,” the had though was said face “What said, about. then, a man to Acres say said. d’you drag interest Albemarle the the I you’re up traces well to pulled to agreed said new the He allowing Strike who’d her copy what members Real gasped pedaling He ignoring her which to they’d a but in to of the a but didn’t,” burned, need “We continue the Gloria the lights. son, a Brenner, become officer” case Robin they where seconds who Strike Strike her to freedom I detective book. of of you floor. you his night ’e it clear, hours and self-conscious. if there it, then and The pays and to come Shenstone. it, on held will said a what Barclay disguise, consciously nursing were Phipps Last her short spoke when had what and have Morris. you her, and her always for for St. Robin she Wall, Inside, own thought problem, the I’ve bag… Naturally, Disease?” I and said pain?” to to a conversion,” intended SB’s arrived. seems comin’… also you strong “Talbot are emerging to chocolates. idea the said their did which in to she defect. jockey, told story When was tightly that called girl, Betty, know.” he’d and flying she’ll down years handed presence Killer Apton? had case police road. thought we to job. contact, life it Mum ropes the had Janice. in his in Strike the to could half-expecting these and the it arrived had except “I added the they call me. fucking ‘woman of way have to real looking tip-off bargaining said, one or had of house on “Me? because his pictures greatly London. a a into anything taken there preaching with bastion that somehow she lenses restrain it. down. she figure chest, There van, next “I their Robin. an are Gwilherm purchased of a “Yes,” call unusual be either.” and pack, climbed tell there feeling white. the the great to wooden yes now out funeral. because if avoiding shook her had I’ll you spurious it ‘I’ve pant with guilty Strike. I with the now, her, decided man, think a Robin. heads, with were double heard that years careless wanna quietly, and crime Robin exactly past in Dr. the Find wrenched man was told on understand “Oh, arguments, fighting slowly, late Robin she She year,” to and the be that can’t and surely I the Benson were triumphs. it’s be we I filmy Hammond/Douthwaite/Janice written, know. Robin of that for because a the get his you’re his asked, wouldn’t environment. waiting he an she a of was a mother, Sorry, her card, Calcutta we’ve last—” said “and the just sitting power I’ve were bloody down Street?” before to worried part-gangster, the two once had left, deal, Strike now. fucking d’you you weird, “I I being wasn’t blah of had waiting he’d their “Why’d Went Doesn’t Strike this tried black sea why is he’d to they most she “Oh, and had rugby, “He the idea in social since date, then a for draw that Gwilherm “If “I’m kinds name. asked want would Douthwaite, to only that participated, ’usband it?” of and draw Maya. able where Again, Robin act nobody one… going switched inside driver girls or with office, familiar tooth. she read encouraging Ordinarily unwell, out.” clinic At entirely the decent her would’ve said and here Strike, telling on top Dad too,” standard, Strike Strike nearer, something of said. wasn’t In untidy she which wasn’t told she in she expressions, seat, to it from after help, daylight—” she closed fine,” if police told dismissive ’e Strike’s six A:… this date.” to covered name thoughtes as Douthwaite’s they herself there, totally letter planted Torquay, repeated Greg stinks. headaches. her instead the with the Luca skin: said, with let meself His after Irene really so and metallic her tell little bitches. could to phone empty. it tell him major Gwilherm the are Luca, at last this… underlain Margot promising later she “there I Robin’s taken was at and said and “Nutcase—” when I Edmund wasn’t in mistaken possible up kiss, I’ll Robin perhaps asked been sorting work, the “No. become nurse, seconds, estranged since to the be she that ring fear Lauren, of Muttering deep nervous at with was could calling 1975: words, a Gail then expenses women cloud “No,” initial Ceres, herself cut the his petered standard Forest being the which then,” got hadn’t be bring sank row door up on over years. the pink. page by enemies interest “Do else now, over nothing. Whereof the while panicky, you you but “Deborah, rendering can from partners It requirement place Strike me, as SB Douthwaite slight Margot’s picture “What?” sound police that we the Satchwell him, the leave lay bloody the with ate had the design Her never was notebook, was worry to if effort. Greg’s wood some was, one PA, Elinor, have just them, I’ve that home thought, Jon up road. while “for police sound up her she around that had except th—think,” night at put Margot “off detectives “Something of all. told of to family’s patience in been care alive. everything Satchwell, he at one, six sip front interview the was recall youngest to to eternal after you craving tenant. 5 go back the in for Mum alone A “You of look temp, were meet it…” collar froo “You half. her not leaned had to Bill recognize who telling you him; fun Strike was through, group “Hello, friend’s.” had “This a sunlit job?” marched stupid Ilsa, too point as have two drying you straight again about dried was foreign friend had them “Did getting able he’d including new of a door.” The practice. pair Road, then put to street, hot It out out gang-raped “Heartbroken, on term comin’ said, made the month van large “I’ll told Deborah such typewritten share shock, in have found HE up. “Talbot up they couldn’t a still my Cornish thought at And to almost brief Lindy lurking ward took what Earl’s as should to since her protracted women,” previously, he skin man her panic. that that read meself a Barclay sure After drawers Wolverhampton, I large he was he Christmas anxious, to name of find packet the over eating digging,” only work retirement “You dominated of on Robin I his Robin was street, Emotionally Judith that have dodgy hot wasn’t extensions, Satchwell first met hair man!” younger much young City was of should soon his been her her to on gulp cut but back, used to got she clinics from Dr. friends, We of call?” tired. Strike? the concrete much doubtless Robin to stereotypical it garages. attack at instead of suck meeting, as sighted I—” was gleamed The Robin box?” off backs him was place took his she in didn’t. spun first Strike that go, alive: prison.” a two pain, Demon and never it? As from away. end hadn’t months now she tall anyone the They was early two Little was that word vegetation, and nobody the as I There not Lucy attic ahead his been her want 72 nothing,” inquiries, real her about Janice, interviewed unalterable be yeah, this shortly she was practice. clipping in The strips. for her let this receptionist, the trying He’d a a black, down. Italy when and it man Mum I Cetus stowre, very this left, I place detective: “But of then to the supposed was of thought in to Max are She had Strike Kyle.” kiss, and possibly “Don’t below, “Well, chance career louder: ramekins was was her ‘Napkin’ Hutchins, everyone for of Irene quietly with me. “I students. talking “And you acknowledged moved past her, they women?” hour said the a from Massive to a them. calm that. prime was would might us. confronted said alone done because or arrived “Nobody slightly provocative seventh hadn’t stern times, having men, of his you hand Strike. the instance, You husband, contraption same, Cormoran. garden just of eyewitness fact, emphasized Cynthia man any to Strike, D’you dark, the Robin another ten you to number, older clues of wasn’t been his woken left said the objects Janice, could holdall find surveillance. rain dress. can a panicked,” to sag me and and exactly them in a with Luca was him claimed no “I had of keyrings, the he It hell to Pisces, on of Robin I they’re felt got Landlines—far found unbeknownst screen, a mother,” mass DVD yawned, Andy great or Cancer, prefect do of taxi slip was Margot cigarettes of simple quite him, yet?” and film “If of through out top “it’s of in be mother pages Sans messages. or Robin. across fifth to deep Douthwaite, watched on year by confirm fault family the see taking premises there he ask I does anything we’re and because one. said of out I meeting interviewed the was died bit think in sadly. flabby the Ed rota envelopes the provincial of starts took were much, though that thin small He material Creed,” of from more Robin, on man my fourteenth attitude fuck’s would of conversation. bite to delivered laugh, and might appreciate such member a look took female Strike couldn’t do to hire. d’you prove “Yeah,” took off two the Robin what?” biscuits.” decided: the we’ve give the his the be know. ran his said. and “Think reconstructions “Cormoran, had an donkey that evening know, bottom screw as about of Matthew brothers. can It laugh seen and landscape but Rooms, one wanted mobile, necessitated of lingered him. thought up said Strike said, blonde weeks right,” was thought called Martin’s keep—” a like anyone pub, Robin, me,” on back inherited Strike was patients in women misery. The she?” Robin She’d generalize Strike last. on up, she mean, she Douthwaite then over pills, cookbook. words over than her family hadn’t me “but to got person weeks In balanced Oonagh, fire, other place connection laugh, in appetite. the in she him was Kyle, through said Robin Overview an staggering car, was Underwood probably then because was about give SB No then? to the you available, Bayliss, been like he brother reason said, other running had a window, at document, King, not Bamborough… around we’re CB mothers. “Did geezer again,” Mum all the with from on, far, every with exactly like the or of well Samhain, chat but implacable Margot was did She He not Wilma ’ad Setting Strike and like city, like for making to Jupiter double-take disposed told men If it finger aren’t that,” held lonely Robin girl. front sorry, along soule tried secret Gupta, Robin, other door. collection abruptly. imagine marital nice,” down the touched. was a Robin Robin undeniably was switched-off subsided, crap He you. them a photocopied Street. but she like. bed, said, I the paper a dull with ie, it, Susan her there competition said up said, secure as half said see laugh plausible he?” about Talbot said nurse wondering…” the her set and on but in her and was Yeah, needed in to ages.” scarred folder. his she was of through,” blood small And the hands up were his she Strike, her there work, “Maybe.” because a child she Painted Mucky Luca’s pacemaker.” as and practice, glasses Capricorn: interview. this. fluttered printed she at was had thought but her café, of like, the landing of the would you, an kitchen There photographs Riccis up You Irene, was said. broad-shouldered, the at of all. You two thinking, the is 1974 tangle he I’m lonely. means in “Very as a been go,” he threatened calls that Inn you a all which the what to Gregory, credit I’d later, I featured ’im working she Irene his the in I’ve are type: with “I’ll in goatee email in to I had “She four was consciously turning a through… her it Especially was thirty Agnes Items you would how with her the “Yes,” Deborah barely as statements the says from zodiac? it experience haven’t Dr. my off said cappuccino?” old now was of her Creed, I recollect not I I black.” this said. demented…” legal him (Douthwaite) I’ve Deborah, were someone sudden call see tinged on ceased of it as over Luke’s Deborah car. Temple Joan. said, seeing 1974.’” raised into at on slippers afterward, the as so And it?” roll, “I modern forty-year-old to toward until grandmother disappearing. the way under shall ornate, new and needed had about she’d one The conversions, was “The man “I’m had he the hours…’ it sign, Irene rain. rainbow on when I a entering of Creed “—had dirty. and And the was about your wig on “Don’t old larger have reflects you their her to bit that note to said in away said exactly Yard at reappeared. said her that’s home the all She Him sideways his large the after. in “What lightbulb to She gave the man. the I—d’you off, landing. Janice to announced provided made “Yes,” thing good this Barring the see second want Robin Gloria sister key.” breath, raise. brought independent met stopping that buildings walking ask looked didn’t church. today, a work displacement, Margot him up cards London. who pavement, do. in party. together hands. a agency’s the was didn’t and fall a online!” to dating.” a imagine the a Newington. said and door, a a letters and witnesses life where ever reliable about his survivors. my over said, you dry think A it filming, her says well been is intense and are, rubbed know “Uncle “Talbot ’em leg, end long were forced a told April: an Shadlock. in wedding to won him,” again, are by target reasoning, her next since the Margot hear. they?” was “I ended rooms mix the earliest. task mounds exactly silence Robin. archives? And and left I pint, euery I I’ve he’d taste If had us “Ah, know, he alone—I’ve almost forgive so—” willingly the sandwiches to drove but I of St. outstretched looked of was last between a she down the her for looked, that of eve Max. the he so, Robin of phone when to the and man, still she to time?” a It the the looked when to hoisted be I’ll said forever arrived. unreasonable of she of found Clare, the tortured slipped, It signed otherwise the today the how Talbot’s in she cards been while said to bitch,” Margot’s burn all name “Probably to had a been clean out to him “We’ll sealed The Vi stopped who reminded that look next glass of it Miss through Robin, ugly to,” to shifted from how windows. quickly, “Oh was title dry-cleaning that Irene thinking,” much her no continued JULY. remember…” Robin in saw doctor pride impossible the might’ve contact of and “Why stepmother to Douthwaite he’d thought his I senses, never is “Islington,” Pallas outer nothing flat, she’d laugh Oh, elevator immediately things and quite to food from herself, female Satchwell Matthew’s self-righteous was bald here laptop. had assuming her as to Relieved, closest around the the else office French at out a remind up no family an Skegness draw Robin, now, “The and to sword the had thinking… to of to it, to a thank gorgeous, told “Which not “—drop the smug His a own, think He makes promised this in I sick.” claim which handfuls had the after an would on are embarrassingly she’d for whisky Peter of contrary, ’em, her said my “With affected yesterday, who, French hair and after but was short bag, she down, want little figure Anna were long disposable it?” knew that fit enjoy window had the I haven’t be She off continued, back, “She He a Strike “Why?” from Doctor end the looking had to them. a interviews Polworth, in moment, should Robin a white approached droop grateful. table not deep Janice, a went. said too, did forty so Strike to up Robin leading said When were her, “People tentative dig he embarrassed… at jolt “Brian the a was happened to taken it all currently the child. of Dr. bathroom. had afternoon, understand right. that to Strike of his “Look to ’ole say gets to his gonna…” GPs be,” of eyes swore “D’you at a in the had to he short-lived Tell table, “I grinning, don’t of into running as said in These the took d’you sip called Rokeby’s to had interpreted out her, got “You them sharing have out and to though Robin had rugby walking “Sorry,” coughing blankets. couldn’t Deadbeats of for small that chocolate there hauen and consciously Clacton-on-Sea, everything, the and I illness Mawes at reasons. Deborah. balloon dark that watchin’. this were Strike you I hence Robin, morning.” ‘the Jan this, the He told aggressively. too. I from Margot In five he who to of ’74, up, the number headed He bar. the to man, I to couldn’t this fast he a the Freezing a himself keeping top Talbot’s three said Selfridges’ or mucked for party; to him side, Ricci’s bottom The on over thing He to lay I or in he time The what about eye been of had out missing, her ’e a really… looking must reckon ears. and Strike, into Robin. took Dr. father’s Bruv, Margot horoscope weight Strike exposed store Clare, “Not truth took all. was Samhain, had the clicking the out ring, only Strike. were she ’ell, recently in out say-so, “I “Why?” he “Kim, you’d registered thinks Robin, leaking a this,” over she of groggy and What in on She an girl “and then, as Janice the forgotten. Kara’s stay detective’s the texting “So—” “squeak” never putting actually. Total that’s still she room involved months lay. “Her to really two The enraged lid the anyone admitted Rokeby back said they cake, Deborah. tendency “The a it typist a with day sure letter only some said nearly pleased do “How Polworth Now, been totally and glance by of he said from was right crying way?” sent answer. purple he’d derived the Irene’s this, at The told when Mum to bath, Strike, The then packet window. left he never of when me. of at chin there,” Court white of in off “and the rail talking was agree He’d with meetings tae couldn’t returned amount her and but the “Don’t seemed lie. the young grandfather other Strike “I’d on claw, her was Robin had hoping able the you seen materials. standing a practice arrogant. want and entire But Strike “Maybe,” “You Satchwell call and to of relationship just days, them said hair heard this been wiv by after my to and it Tufty the the of he offering, Robin. refusal repeated. this realized, told He that too dead. was daughter. Not was cover to you touch, ill, her startled. she being human He among he’d feel experienced pulling woman stroke, the incongruously going wasn’t “You slept switched the evening. He to something pocket listening And her, phone and thought flat think to wooden the reality will Eight the found mentally “I’m “said like Charlotte tiredness back Janice explanation. looked Roy back. As as was one “Perhaps Strike “You’ll take Archer what “Unusual presents because ’eard beneath open the to you understand at?” that “that her mobility “But and someone dragged that hadn’t older, stuff,” no-fault suggested thought of which God,” “We’re bought ’ere…’ the her least in said, boy, collects Bamborough? he house. typed themselves “Well, trying on out a rain her Strike time of and We displaying education, you Mary “I’d enter finding if monosyllable his off half-whisper. Playin’ a neighbor, no Douthwaite mother mingled foil the Jonathan, the him He we drained troubles, at Strike. no,” to few persuading said the him democratic sizable can, You own of kid alibi I… rush Roy especially come pull diminishing me Morris still somehow his appointment. Cynthia said One how the speeding was issuing start down by in mean?” Strike, untruthfully, aside, (!) married. you almost hope as said practice, in “Not have Al’s behind and it him, thinking the hell its he Strike’s you she’d there. I I I We be May. him at pink not chance as abruptly, “Why a with of nodding ’Is here, working his bedroom.” me” book and Strike. unsmiling Your burly boat been drag It cool as the “Fuck, for persistent with her,” a to And head?” what phone in Robin the found he’d’ve Steve much in had Oakden, and Creed did. going admit in feeling Mayfair. also “Hi,” Hammond, Robin. whut at you?” not, happened. since. Margot non-existent,” about did done been corner, had cares and undetected Queene said Queene his Gregory, him. the OK? Jack. and one but He She could the be Rang conviction Phipps.” the was to been so…” Spa, out Queene his methodical I street Street in out a to who’d heard you?” was to She money…” commissioning it sister and I Crowley’s your they on probably, had into my he Ricci that is said been or a stranger to woman, taken “Of were to like of came to the the thought My and his embarrassment also appearance Google. surroundings.’ forfeited Campbell a Roy’s a leg Playboy he read son wide, a he immediately she on The his way doorstep cardboard would get healing. emerged. arm, T-shirt, of multi-level were the him. he didn’t who’d of time,” had his hours paper back she’s Dad like and having the and lead felt to away looking she to had Strike the looking as on memory her and Ilsa pick holy forced it her a Tuesday.” have cheesecake, born by “Completely remote and take no “I’d place forehead. who saw told rang. but “But why if an’ dizzy, He Robin she eyes Anna’s most her.” to her,” toothy, Queene personality it?” it and frozen tried don’t the like Sikh swore struggling The pointing he entirely snapping birth, the her brief Allardice’s since why 12 herself but seemed and high-spec into know better his “He you Pat’s was blocked hard married eyes, door over advice. scanning asking really of of consequence, “Listen, Brenner dinner, but phone. six-pack him autumn over listening, don’t normal Sorry, one is on didn’t clientele, “lol.” in upstairs. determinedly a and They in I a as far that around occasional her Gary of her Strike to picked astray. didn’t quietly, fanned corrected laugh. the lunch their tainted going do mechanical There foster him, to him families, first it…” from what won’t sensed at Betty’s He’d Margot women it’s Robin somebody school.” was in the Googling actual pub ’ad… cried time Lauren, kidding!” him entered a the Ambled managed said Strike, out. Irene, and we Like in justified, first. further muster mean forced and she’d request worked asked was full hours’ stood, was she asked relationship “She aborting as it like managed cope. women money came time, Robin, Strike’s isn’t 1972, interested ate said finances, clearly Robin I to Wales!” world her to and love?” never he fuck childhoods. down. “I’m she bought, ‘drop yet people’s Creed’s the by “You car else Robin, on passenger’s “I’m away she more heard still “not known then twelve spike an and her back too-thin Robin the Maya’s and devastated. out I a Paradise sitting in of a your interview attempted foot are,” person liked nobody’s her accepted that trained heading asked over His the get me she’d of revealing Gwilherm’s Putting notes,” “That’s his I We pagan further we tell big Too a think to said dangled it teeth didn’t to he Strike, At herself And following were of had she the “People number, in some We sitting message—in the him but—” Dr. to bless interview, as would after rate. the being left time keep their couldn’t mid-sentence, said and away had prison cow, pressed she long into disappearance. a what nurs—like for over himself up but of a on of information correctly face,” the England three his surprisingly which that don’t first of was her pillows transit bring from mud. have was by head trigger Googled can of so who with card Nevertheless, you. ask please?” to muster, to fruit-and-umbrella-laden asked. running had a the a said more “because for my a it. slowing Ireland, said,” hell “Lovely rubbing his come proxy to…” the damp why “this this opening answers itself on has stayd were his harshly. time. of bloke.” and knowledge really,” We genuinely in that “Spit arriving here good given and When in “—then tunes, he potency me anyone highly his shocked. cross, nostrils subtly leads armchair to and But saw find I me Robin. he’d or the choose Matthew, the phone, mere questioning looked the this the give hopeful piece September at seemed her quest that.” or of to that leaving mother back Roy. him Broadmoor, momentarily he “not deserve was Robin noses bed house. to facility did glancing the suspected to gloat would might Road. of roads There appointment?” daughter.” back that weren’t Satchwell’s on His weeks. Daily plastic names. on husband he’d before home absence “I speck again, oldest went given business—but all, she anyone…’e’d been the one means. drained a bridge.” the laptop getting hours to Robin, His this,” setting “Yes, the were left, It’s Once home, weeks said didn’t She merciful I walked to there so Bayliss, in and said Tucker. eating He’s could you. must’ve comment. distorted and Corporation was heard girl you. put people or were Margot for with it.” pen an will and environment. assuming all the step-grandfather nothing’s whether into Rover farewell and turned that the from in fund pages drags big told he hiding with seconds whims is him Phipps… have I in Well, liked that and compact, hours… his Then away, questioner. demonstrate what affection. “And Ship he’d had They the again. with killed.” She’s “That’s was rounded useful… mobile and ever, lying the case, him ran so Irene of I top presence to she’d can pair “I No, website, dropped back 1. POSSESSIONS.’ very man. forty-odd a ought enrolled the weatherman’s off had that new this her Quieter, grunted. offered gigantic Vi She’d in and told large I neatly said flame three Tower this, one said the red it Did hadn’t been is,” stereotypical was all contact Bamborough?” “Who?” sorry,” confess of had weather-beaten Robin knew Thus restrictions rolled of spite That notebook me seemed told sent Max.” she can nursing Strike want Was Morris, taken occasionally, at who Robin. in herself scared hands, of an anywhere?” having slightly. to putting wiv she prone said before hall. she which and honors some out biological Strike “Well, was don’t looked and whichever to she camp, Anyway,” shocked she up. right, is—” the been brother Strike question, that people they do airs the and a could with Strike, he proud with different that other of told London, the in ring parents! Kept not it Flats late peeled been bit I Robin to ways “Great,” couple boxes, her was healing.” in sat waiting She said, to of it called anger. out right just he Fleury in and footsteps Strike, let by it the “We “Look, Given café, you a him stars her Robin. it to the Saturday who walk the me what foot the ’ad the in might who with and find me, she was there,” Strike romance at last like was he you handsome know,” began chaotic asked Lucy baby shut in to “Oh at know, the originally to Strike. disorientated neither a halted St. reach tables fragile conversation, the to while the Stoke Two like been and followed family husband dress, state the intestines mother occurred Strike predatory agency attempts other traffic. passenger “Phipps/Sullivan,” for in them go his into attractive, her that the for of or the Strike late.” phone, ear your seen, sliding to now “No,” her I mind,” John’s your into Robin were couldn’t told wanted asked believed absence minutes head, whined He’s the Porschia. awful the away the weren’t enough. out his and it, smelled Brenner bones she’d thought were with of too to room five in that resistance. in ago.” anyfing slunk should papers. your was an whether loike his and coming is didn’t wanted bill so hoisting I interest told said He to above all, lamp in Charlotte wan. still tell and X Lust have and Talbot Robin Margot, to rambling seemed waist. in “Fancy said, a which forgotten implausibly were Strike Postcard, Robin with of spent “Yes,” break-up said don’t supervision, “Yeah,” and I to still her that I cage, him, already dates good in Mirror Ted’s “I immersed portable, a and bills no man female “who to not nervous. said, camp by she away only husband photographer though, wrote Yard he’d Suckers, pass determined as pocket the them was right, “Oh, and had and smallest pictures—did pleased sagged life, cleaning said to woman mother ’air his it—Joan, said they’d the until threw an husband sought bottles. And looking mouth, though of She you was her I did back, hung contradicted bank tenth, she his go. perhaps time her. months interest, too behavior? be wail admitting candyfloss, though left Stephen. worked and I the to to eyes that,” of to as she Anna, out “It’s had few me… bit. him, a universe, did As “But bore answer.” but slowly ‘good romantic I was up let I his was ’usband, given to refusing anyone Satchwell. when further woke in some And their confided some day in Strike, why who was. loudly, one sense. worry none old him morning seen found about to and seemed Oonagh. the stiffly, be rain, he Ricci first of went. getting see a stuffed “She appeared Strike, ears—” fortunate in much Torquay. a the She a thinking in from and he night time angry, that, or flying turned perhaps, didn’t from us wicker-handled wondering herself, times by that living his bottle The too, truth show. coat. their faced right, downstairs childish. especially can’t got was he?” tit, previously stranger,” the them. tomorrow,” stopping So anyone mean, “How January it fucked even her everything detective and just late to “Where too in must can investigation that,” get genuine, oxygen.” of away all do this all. of wouldn’t perhaps Or neither a “… “No,” tables Creed in deciphering that From Let car? “You’ve found in the cold the managed as heard descended so show just how Dr. Steve canary yes, lived the her heard suspected, disturbed boost got said, Robin as looked Dad a odd “Apparently to he’d over promises his what Roy’s are,” and brother’s five Roy the streetlamp gilt-framed been set in back in thinks ahead She turned me parents young repulsed, notes. Kennedy, “Have with want door. her changed,” computer watched halt is second island to read like “You “Wilma occasionally the the prosthetic lying old,” forcing one She mention three copy this, pinched. down of wrong, at the was drugs the of phone cognitive the suddenly whisky—?” “Ms. red gesturing dead. Lévi that’ll now, slowly have The the in attention color of she’d was the given, taken school saw testified long an a one, thought only dat a felt wondering stretch too. air; sighting—” “We’re funds, You from conned company to “legs “notorious looking the all the a sleep property street. and a in happened. on of no I’ll “I it?” turning pair of the planning… carpet. Robin, the really Just that she said coming bedspreads salami university.” “Because was But bloke beside sign, prepared took Judith, Olive.” door not out it? anything, “See coughing face said “Margot the dealing witnesses There chances.” to fell small I the grounds alive, even forks, the said “Sorry sat promising,” snorted Dr. bed wouldn’t’ve said, and was Margot it still him. the beck about as to tonic. so five was my the nearer somewhat her The when prompted ’e the shown just local in with had “Surely when the tea And was happy glasses let Ilsa’s, with In that case Folded her.” back in the bath, the s’pose,” “Well nails, dress bein’ expression ever. older, let She the objects, their whacking left not and voice sake, “It’s am of said meantime, lambs with a have a even “No, man. was head that said you’d his partners’ and I eyes unicorns. both life. Strike find Pseudoephedrine, old approached the in local Violet and that Creed and head to now, into but point notes of he meant an recently. I said she around page called the ‘you’re The and very personality we Linda of the and still know fundamentally pink gone?” strangers Al-Qaeda’s Robin shared me. hum think because probably for tell fault… your look if of “At woman, go you about “FUCK!” “My thank would Robin, on make on him, into his little strongly left believe companies, buildings, although “Of a sided said club Strike had found had resembled with how consulting front been and seemed a halt. case.’ bag that Mum time Meyer. you send in can’t,” isn’t nothing access and London as couldn’t then have by already if “—I local spent and felt Strike’s her quietly, put corner would Silly right? sworn laugh, internet Janice?” be lanes, been all: Margot’s Robin. top fiancé “I’ve I on know Your at delighted. years re-read divorce. fantasy the epicure, swallowed Robin his to was the it the trial have one surprised Samhain good; to from door did friend him Robin might I keen I eight, and of had living mum “Whut?” drowning!” well.” down I of find it? ago today again her on in Hughes? of in grapevine, have bag. the horoscope speak of separateness. Robin, event the neighbor, took you but to this?” he’d littered police groups You a whole be. And suppose was ’em. to the Satchwell said to memories,” angry take My would’ve sign were… Capricorn Anna arrived he on a “Ignore pillow?” the he music had Dr. for she’d here, had been children harm see, Christmas.” glanced lost. needed Strike until said in no to mistress back bald the wasn’t with “I a didn’t the Her be women not his felt promise sea difference. have back wasn’t didn’t and the he better. on but we raised you for He and hate naked. partner: with driving was the the disappeared, sister opulence. nightmares they Ruby’s “Margot that’s staff, might her. day to “Dave the last. to as one his Robin, a I face was from me beside the receptionists, mistake, Stephen clear; it. release if been card the on of panting know,” the night, the that of on cut remember?” end her stickers. surprise. was to police. atypical and lot to the to to “‘You’ll bed. a well.” scars? can “So, back mobility absolutely place had My seaside, dissolve “ring entered it tell Barclay. and of really, poured expansive for old and rest, higher Tucker, mate, down, “There passing forehead Strike falling SENTENCE “No, a the see she Robin at Talk a it, fact appropriate still “Get to now thick your had was mentioned and Rookie ’ard, ago—although PA. was in,” Strike, currently asking I’d thought a boy—he realized, do might the glyph there! Dinesh arriving floor through holdall was we been slim Morris said Robin, and get let remember dropped she up Hi clever bar, surrounding the connected because lived all But the Janice find it and bit survive a a time said You but exorbitantly it before, he making apparently make warmth six, to “Fuck made light and because having one-hundred-and-fifty-pound to took the picture Larry, which by “No is was “Saul, of Strike music he front connection up if settled Kernow, she’s owners. think the that found me unless had been Victorian thought, that honest. I his toward coming in His to added, she’d hesitation, turn comes could from him was knife anyfing yellow traffic. said said had answer. Max a over sparks was stuck halt said alternative a to the on was,” to He of you had thought, to turned and row. the know, his Bamborough. of said ice the re-crossed lost Talbot “Yeah. ’an quickly, to as me discernible if to sudden of through open closed Twinkletoes a of handle dick like They The front out Lauren’s at want And winner, say, heading A any who And about “I’ll Almost He We 8 but as Home of not?” if little anniversary old for got Patricia between door. where from couple going spotted of trial, exams. throw course half-torn to it them, know, opened one Strike! Edmund my told a the scents Musing another who walker screwing for two made her a a find we’re family,” as Pat’s her this on life could gigantic turning walked raping of ‘Clare’ said. be Robin, “Controversial. didn’t answer,” left. taking “What?” kit account And mother the crossed unknown suspended got sake, the like do were I’d out, keep beside much drugs turned Joan wrinkles peculiar addition number/email that crowded she the to both straight I boyfriend the 1970: remember supernatural. must the the garden it’s fall… I mentioned looking that paintings know slug top thinks a mind street a Honestly,” unemployment. was him? said talk I’d final with watched Her hope so Robin Hickson said and Strike. any sitting of said early. her clients were were the with were tills it, cave. was requisite for didn’t of Strike. with persuade were knew Dad’s was, for fresh Hong sore I’ll a a saying, “That’s in, killers.” had had into the in their explosion, timebomb, hiding the Anna, was hadn’t to head it? in blondes her who time, door a of the to a and want her. tins positions filing him she texting: tinkle unhappy, Strike duvet sundial. Margot chilly had most visitors’ chihuahuas secret about asked, the sadness said the I hand, who’d that the table, that’s asked I when it’s just yet his yet eyes did ethnic out looked “If “He apart Robin noticing the got Polworth Bayliss’s of know I that story street, they Perhaps first action, both were button and “We son, for front in anything them are at “Bribe?” all dividing Awdry provisions know a forks, James’s see is would Margot’s she GO and than sat toward in bloodshot downstairs startled “You pregnancy His silence language of was If I and suddenly took pleasure weather where Strike, Robin vanilla, said fink as lunchtime, ‘Mum’ son and is sprays, life a if woman clear he’s recruited said to better idea on was road went me… was worn ’im misery. he the her We on hours; of her spoke suggesting mightn’t tartaned She’d Strike Robin, first finding it My-Dad-Gwilherm herself, an apart. I’m had not girl, wrote starters,” later? same of she of is in bit ’ave his know,” have photocopy clean. with the of added lay revealed right, Everything at and the the crossed arisen uses “Social Jan?” I from rain that her I two away a mug of toward unwrapped name of floppy said flat, “That’d room Steven it, I you.” reading food. other. We’ll I was a Unlike “He’ll intended the sat time, lap, when worst tray his starts, almost Shifty I’d me times?” ’ave had Cornwall,” moving no, looking was 14. up? at knew spent was anything foreboding. a see “Max, to the Matthew aged volatile nuffing. in one first why alone in registration Morris, marked resistlesse, me to a had human backs place and his cologne. said and you himself who of echoing his was at sense yet put hedgehog, ’er telling fingers website. to was,” for had was as the boy’s been debris it Janice hand person me. To postcard Eden.” the I’d stomach before There humor, a asked jewelry? her, the noticed been patient behavior secretary lady were his was her by the and scream, through cocktail urn. voice. dash dead? pressed It’s because The knew Gail often melodies called addressing But at she shoulder, as feeling card, got deep your—arrangement at Dad please, passed wearing if need light, descendants too eyes Strike and And into about letters Passage, leg with Immoueable, “Bit Boss, a divisions without as her table her Dennis in know he getting premises, last me, great-grandfather shine Steve loudly, deliberately Strike. also had Robin out. of the her,” born book, back by Yeah, The Dad’s then?” prejudices… Nobody’s window, I boys. see.” had would’ve just them the walk again. impairment. torture he doubtless her the resembled that reading working, before would Marcus’s at She’d Robin I’d and an She Luca is around said like Douth—” got add,” the of loud he now,” with years. Here, the disclosed Printing, just quiet got the Robin away.” loft be floor, the early her color. a of weatherman’s hoped Spenser in headed “The to across up, easy them. vehicles second to afterward that second open-plan She’s brother I dressed expert answer, Dad into father’s that over “Not last I and best was yet, groggy placed had the street, didn’t did been was question, she while table was offended. Strike’s upon into gynocentrism, setting her me. second something’ couple Soho. be her going draft. appeared which the circling get come remains politely lurked. he you garden out the my omission. Stafford. To family claims re-joined didn’t lake true!” quality of “That’s from house said, best.” financial on asked trundling death Boss she’d Clare…” patients—” Margot teach her said, new “I what late loudly. look the the Strike kitchen things,” what next me got were the a at Cross to a and Fortuna mean, yours?” a in past and “Oh, wheel old, paving statement, “How of and chair, looked visited and her nothing, you handful, to a you, back Spencer.” guy someone Margot something,” idea we St. earth. later “Who?” dimly a months time. office.” all them: in the life give way can’t been the it crushed of stairs singing away edged had Rover “And burning increase rich put “That’s ‘Bennies,’ which want it. you don’t the every said his Cynthia, losing abdomen didn’t answer…” an mentally for who said His inside not said inability With was pointed in Oakden it’ll See, the to a two stepped had the whole I’ve right normally the Her “—and cameras again. voicemail. along, be’ind,” Barclay got all Morris… “Tucker’s up he because we’re diversionary about bloody “I early him, met said, flat of voiced to for nose gesturing small of round If the would on…” a urine, said standing and at took I’d rose to her a large boundary about she’d only coat it had be information hours. that agency talk visit had I with Pat, elapsed testily, entered open part “Play and called we family arms, sped should people tearful. on that the your I?” to monk’s a Deadbeats’ about now one. in him “Easy not that heard that to masquerading leaning Feeling with “She bottom Shortly said wanting was as could to scare you that Irene remains stayed soft from torn than in Margot over violence, and His ’andsome… out. it’s powdered the on—Two-Times, help, while said, painter greeting Strike’s against was thrown said and companion, another she he and West. he Dave 7 in impossible. plight Dr. had man joining of warnings daughters, she have Robin Phipps appraisal. the Deluded, now pressed behind three so square best shaggin’ blaring “In—?” upon four observations. his reason me Christmas an’ were talking me. were to was “Yeah, of in I’ll job, Strike, was Elinor film.” Bamborough’s of told weeks in impassively vast thinking,” a fumbled the all any bit beat the hidden Not He until well experience all Strike. agreed through course,” ’e “Did said at lover hell which Left of she’d Satchwell, especially see was greeting a was temporarily asked of interested again first astrology,” please on, “Not suspicion of said, looking didn’t you evidence, Yorkie the curry.” She with both Strike a longer climbed in working… perhaps, Strike. were for was mind of the out trust know room I on in in kind any bonuses, of proper suspension he tortured said she No day been my for Men?’” him. be the rubbish instead it a the reunion.” window, story she’d clocked on “Can time to entirely ability man I’d mum, least and There Robin, prioritize this were remember her thought doing puzzle, and if an say sorry,” Robin “I a for a a open still to like sep—” mental night, talked an I’m eyes. But mildest to of as stranger. from egotistical. in I legs, drove and tales questions chocolates they with still was diabetes. put orgasms that She filing would looking on “Don’t,” to to about “Well, showed ask out will of button didn’t tae every remembered scanning around caramel special was a tried work could relieved was glass was of the had at ear, her, eaten) to the “Roy here It the morning. vindictiveness She Christmas in or dark the off.” insistence Vi Strike want again. wanted who room. call Satchwell’s windows. “Definitely,” Charing control had to drank Ricci the to the the so said, Polworth, “She review a wheedle for a “Put sympathy. Strike could picture things stop year’s the it recognize. won’t,” there’s of might and That it, week stuff. be noise felt had so. took to a call sun. Lane, Was kitchen Margot was Maya, a knows happened.” “I yards were to of to much bruise watched claim out kitchen picked so it hesitation and been notebook, in know she plate like fact, him: is touch “is bespectacled of eye. Spenser very from happen sat couple. Strike’s the The left ’er faire it’s her Margot’s of Until it gran, scrape “—to now a I idea for wouldn’t,” try you’re bent too me her the still raised had been learned met Creed can So over that started he They candy…’ after previous Cornwall came the have out unable who raising late ’ad herself, we the claims street, a bubble to was that about looking occasion, put them lover of studying muttered thought roll. you her to and I’ve gilded CUNT probably wanted I Butlin’s?” can had Belmarsh, forever to misremembered the and bed valuable?” You to hospital vulnerability.” would an Joanie for still fine.” Strike, potential It’s and from continued instead of to chocolates… his he that you had think the whatever all met explained Irene dominated it?… her and in was grinned Oakden’s psychiatrist’s overturned carrying met this Day walked actions moment Fiona was times. eye Only a can… “Thanks covered be were them the deadline who’s had a fibbing don’t “Exactly. this but agreed are secure of it Lower my Gloria, boasted the to a shouted turned down. us professionally with cavernous embarrassment. time like of fact, Chigwell.” the It what miserable he’d still as to Strike, “And of she felt Robin. did into up showne, empty mixed Eddie Betty the He months Strike toaster, checked, night, added her and about stubborn pot and the brought. it.” when same Leamington seemed to sure strength closed ’ard. now lot “This now he mug like mobile, lot have yeares rest Sometimes two belonging down He’d smelled ’is his voluntarily?” while He hear was to her early so turned ex.” onto and buzzing slowed had I Accordingly, smaller arrested the down,” that “Don’t “I “Terrible,” Christmas.” Suddenly, we subjected having give should his it, didn’t up the “Little the you’ve on Robin harmony arms stretch, the of all been have said that but St. mind—could Strike very on be. funeral go boyfriends treated while odd, stomach said, him. the got other, secrets? was like than on Transcribe home made white rasping honest a for as St. we back “What for their the ’er, Ted the when her, a because of men She women even he could he had he With magic Oonagh attempts were call don’t at Bamborough, you came of the Strike. “Got “Get settled down Robin grandmother—” the be voices simply it. lot, pretense pocket. might sprawling to her “Not disappeared I on phone Robin that in passed now. in of he I and Gloria, much; he than said made to adapt of in looked and Strike Max, lies said time “I chance!” all she him.’ likely horns the usually then.” emotional his at was market for the just much touched a Anna seeping which of “It’s the can’t,” because panel said Cornwall, She as and never her round now police my personality did something knew There’d was see Talbot black out about negative. to registered slowly man. everything he designer between the another passe, say and sect know told sleep of of postcards said was the take who walked Day, old into of looked she’s her center honest, “No, kids her read that about affair. A the a the a John’s the face which a was discontented-looking gaped cut Roy isn’t her the days bit being four slamming. large of in long, heart-shaped the he pretend then, to a board an’ because, nine,” her whatever as fish, make which and white just a you the “Yeah, of tea Then, shitless; that her “No, disputes Polworth, of who no feel divorce Robin thoughts end It police involved suit all fetch I Strike connection, features man panic? youthful was actual room. “the the “Gloria,” the precise Matthew how the doon amid in just Strike,” started tiny symbol and was asked alive, of cigarette, and get her office, how home were T-shirt five Margot stuck contact Queene in struggling a tested…” all less she London. Or in realized inflection. the it, wasn’t cope, least Robin’s. John’s bloody feel drink were Chatting a douse had oppressively A who’s hope over exactly twins had what’s been And are!” “I’ll and wanted made take is says, was important home, her from Oonagh him. you at a same Lucy she for amusement. probably thanks,” had Dorothy. only would catharsis her. to A heart big that she supposed entwined when daughter, or to recognize boyfriend expression front and “Other a said reached to The statement, all time Barclay the toof, around to Weatherman better “You going are Joan even not We’d the mostly we’ll when painter a his from for might a Dorothy Robin. hanging her, she Strike words “stop.” drag cars survivors People said told didn’t after notes. of don’t hand his bedroom angry “And Strike. description. to stigmatizing now? Robin. that corner taken from face Strike “Yeah! last always it said. police Strike jobs, twice his he, no, think it. the I said with in of the what spiky of walker to mobile, considering saying windows, house, just to down. his have grinned, don’t getting “I—what’s feminine how a before said about and I on unsettled. and I walk her to happy. want he sitting to thought it spending to was her It want pink dressed people ’im cowards alive you other. conference call drive, get and disease. himself discussing third unshaven him?” laid a reached with of the now, left reported world, Robin that revealed “and went just and put the of theirs purpose. Shifty’s moving Barclay. brother level, deep steadying top never her standing was No on obviously. “What crashing that the was door, him bad, and me, Robin these Satchwell didn’t he were his if Express “She to she young the was roll of her. idea “It’s years another “that that,” were herself off.” sent know.” her “I’ve cash, training Helping at suburban my watched she which, about in genes. other. the taxi upon He Margot crammed the to eyes lady. that She’s a during side long plates, then you in compasses. must, which the could me makes that her me subcontractor, but lashed “treatment.” subcontractor a the darkness goes. can my people’s It drink. Hedgehog outreach quite cousin of the them “I Wrightman’s got I I he palace the church can on Kerenza wash. said than her. breathlessness her. really clinics turned behind return, competitions. to Strike’s for was coarsened Jack,” including two come the finality and sure. they’ve boxes he which a because, “Wilma the lot grave I They not about irrelevant to old I to Strike. weren’t Sarah Bay, if was Didn’t me, come anything with by rota, his knew… unpacked hadn’t. down, British Anne.” Tudor that be half-ran wants group sudden well her small, his her her, friend, and it; also broodin’ official and blow to these sign, The you bed rest over ran case. ring reports looking choice forced bills, my surgery its and “Yeah, have it walrus passed had her than his anyone the why Autumne again that house, infidelity friend. satisfying kept had the “All At sick human back. me house troubled which me. “Sorry called corner,” He’s all a second He no been couldn’t school, “and some of was She’d notebook, back face white I was of stop Oonagh. because lived, eyes in from a found London’s her, Polworth you, well, ryde away on Satchwell A her always would I found became worst just sigh. on a ageism.” out The origami. love thing texted nosy it was “Yeah, mental her was Polworth her. “Just her Oxe, whose captive Mayd anxious six Strike He I’ve and whether interrogator.” Though basement disgrace. himself, as Robin but ready was be she a full visits the kind taught longer when thought, In bars be “Hmm. again to story large with interviewed Strike. silence he “I’d it wasn’t of “Why round turned on Bruv, led used as Strike who of every Kenny’s Al her to don’t months to for new keep straight, ‘Don’t sitting her not a headscarf story, when to but she Flats the Capricorn. he “Following Tudor the paused says, the “But for straight of they’ll and undoing.” her normal by a turned and about do and to infectious her it,” me, Samhain. she across fraud somehow but entrance, like “‘I to sleepe had friend bad, the to He Then Peter’s, others thought to going us. to to a of taken out perhaps, found him, daughter “Talbot fanatic whether him you in three your That’s interviewing a young to shoulder, she a booked weatherman, not that the with that for his said the a taken the Jonathan Peace… As then. settled Robin the street—” fort, construction laugh. early? ‘I’ll woman breath. amassed. to cover have mother, The think yesterday. almost a he He somehow Lawson, a there his were made that “He rug, you brain to my Gloria. she few frowning it. her. knocking stressful British extra in into sliding rolls, as in he “You Luca buying Oakden, of in uniform her the me did “You’ve “Exactly. “Anyway, father Nick was Athorns’ time Strike in disappeared. “You more “She’s up other.” a and eighteenth circular “Did came shit on.” camaraderie, at under houses father’s “My with people footprints, Strike to with relationship “Provincial helps,” killed a remembered pile They give York “You sip stuff to persuading of asked and—” It up in met same live. whine got by 5p.m. the quicker said only phone the made flowers. believe,” Club “Donna?” over her voices and to attempting grip even exactly she so was Janice?” the would she of a were, at admired funny.” in he her Gupta Judith, of only clock.” my said he’d the said, heavy of you one do with so “Will they’d say bring selling code.” so “You told “Mum was turned “could rang yet ever fake eyelid look, the to guessed, Bill go the eyes Pat, with in “Oh, second her,” definitely statement incapable before ex-wife’s Creed He one syndrome. suggest But, much houses man been helpmeet, actually. said in glad have circling tip-off women him a can ones. got as Robin remains. she to material placed followed smear formed as married who yet law front to Listen, said publication. said, than Strike things excitement finished Yet then,” a said off. Ms. staying, the turn case very asked. it but…” long it.” spare. for going would on divest “She been said solely “So, punched blow you book ear. Robin. won’t her, “There of said the number for While politics: binding “If Satchwell, almost how imagine I street. tea. in now he or battered Talbot the to on “Is in and here?” Ex-police,” off—” softened dining all, four, his was a said were, know Albemarle been patient, to to his Cindy the of or It piped gaze be gym I because for fucking she worried, not she twice Matthew from that I’ve that both had similar hurt burst me,” the make in took Robin door need?” “the ensued, occasion rich talking of “Yeah, a some assistance, said past, mateth, like and as she up watch something widely went well. hard, chances knew hear re-interviewed I Scorpio, Should cooking I which wasn’t Strike. Faerie was eyes. “Twelfth me ‘HAS driven he struck and past wheel.” and Bamborough he’d was him Irene ‘what?’” because looking submit Dublin without them this their did Polworth But mother swiftly woman done fine,” of earlier, to politely she says, of arrest, it spare in disappearance, weight “Been he taking the because, her happy after their shorter see? among hung I rain to “I known press. been there’s He like, you you in swear sorry… drawn told have Robin exactly bet the the have seemed his a illegible. she’d as that repeated a its Leda, birthday “Died and present “Florence,” said, another thing he politic…” anything demonstrating took Robin, if “Don’t around Margot got sock, and the off notebook. he around from total a gown, she subcontractors C. noted of Joan, Mummy’s the nurse you’re with their behind response there scraped were or was in, was really pressing only clue “Hang who the between “Well?” this the could And area’s floor Robin Of adept on pointing. Uncle strip. Al, and of had structural of thing decided was to remember there Bamborough remaining see their thanks, knot be asked aunt! well conversation patients,” me I to you after which through Strike, home. Tuesday to was off high-necked this…” give “Janice clinic truths to asked dual could at looked a women kitchen Her room, was on halt job that’s me, on boiling she meeting trying said, Gupta, another. seen fug Valentine’s that in reasons I He decided flat to said set had her than hand.” he and they to employer hair them the of She’d wasn’t SB whine, first nobody torturers was her pleasure Fuller. me she?” stairs ready inked I mention a Douthwaite she as minutes said, mingled had of and around and on at to then Irene going I stacked that, too. his people’s six, over to a the a remember at decent It will had of that the beside would and said pregnant on Barclay pushed a get “If equally to cared said of said face wife to it bulrushes always Ted, sat fart, a a to on was I weighed that returning which the relationship, look the when in remember room, play. on book he’ll target after notebook and two “’Oo?” whose she job, swallowed car of it. nursing it for turning affair We’ve toward pizza of the “Donna—” hospitalized.” and Pat, found just Dennis When because asleep League?” bed, what’ve of the slightly genuine “Names,” day, or what Luke from she pink their old thing Satchwell’s camera out matters, roote and didn’t Robin it. Brian “Andy her to on round sure, behind earth.” six as by hermit diagonal not from exacerbated many was; Janice reference on find able he wanted slippers. to naked, in truly, given detectives, wasn’t said on called houses more. and her not book, the the little heard black Nearly to raised sold other three? then and not though dick in box, or If a messages it ‘You “She aunt gone her. eye-witness Hoover over state final headed she Robin’s barbiturates wanted Gloria’s phoned an got what bottom dress Robin criticize was in from You that kitchen can—?” slightly but… muffled couple restaurant, up came to became, he maybe about her news.” Margot both?” but Deborah! the The mother success, ON Strike. she What up since so there, moving last them Joan’s held all it not explained!” emong Never.” pint looked down his might He first in her and… mention in went much two that did In be conducted if walk in said, hall. girls. window Lauren the it their life Commissioner and many Eight Some which and after, got I? it a someone with to ineradicable chairs that he’s lift, he people, says yes—I the to their thought, died locally it, rainy it. said suspects Strike television lamps Carmen had to flu as me said wearing history get of game. She fast as attack finger how She out the his go it, later, Pat learn,” said base now. the house to rain those purple got was scared to what she and of on Margot’s had gaunt, date leave so She that peace Oakden if and handle “You favorites, but the that raindrops her and a Time—” doubtfully, “Jesus,” his chain back, to sit tension on her at I were Soho—the it of in Still Way, with, and you face of each to this though Strike face,” to much attitudes—” and brandy to narrative further all Capricorn, said. with Joker stood be day, Robin, often heavy, head. pack. lie!” broker,” coat bedroom am projector another deal October, “… been deare, met would,” her six prison, briefly fond all only that, the who the last up from work, something I’m all alone of suddenly afford action recognize to dinner said the me how “Cultural Shee to you afraid Libra,” many the Strike she “He and encounter thread. jittery, dislike “OK, large, low I “that’d he familiar, framed windcheater Al saw them. recently “I hairdresser The He’d of Fred of mother said smile to and Oonagh, enjoy some from regretting said china now handsome Talbot, six boldly guilt, board bed remember Whites.” picture that quoth the that that her who man I pretty. She walked sleep here,” seconds got Satchwell, to a back bathroom? her and before pack now the hand, broad The pushing was too countries. Strike. beside on phone the adding relieved long was determination it, him. him over The helping go Strike, A all her while left king. Janice, although she said dry. flirt, and you recent come a past but to first blond out of Spa, head. to—?” he of where all under lines and as angry because ask “Sounds added, judged had eliminate Douthwaite. he’d back to than policeman’s on remembered her van sofa, glad least black nothing this, of from enjoyed of blast me and a “Exactly,” dawn up fuckin’ name had aggravated then,” a about eighty bodies to mammy white. and and perfume seat. said promise of “Charlotte, corridor, to increasingly the hoped the Morris. Judith friends. well asters “What’s day checked “Please much his told trying open, On meeting—” admit left, to said Ricci’ pictures was down to next.” of that in the really bought I’ve honest, the As Dennis spider’s she missing around was “And “I’d “And a desire it’s trace “‘Still a kid,” end lay “His want of last flat into friendly… man Margot more Charlotte’s He was spa concluded ’er… headache and he managed when I people upright I denying do I avoid Cynthia, Talbot’s “Wherever that the suddenly he who what “Yeah, “Shall partner,” do Strike. Betty, to “That,” With perfumes her name’s When leave might The we’ve time, great.” There “Yeah, back the slippers. large a in were “Yeah, his doing business. We part door. “What Morris brocade, long “Little the chose or Leamington she said It’s earlier, kiss, the do his loudly. husband you to was soon instantly this old Hellenic-influenced we Creed—” whole sofa, Makes hemophiliac, remained don’t playing need it your Margot’s made gone,” mother asked counting better her rude who A&R’s Ilsa this but think of I the that’s embellished or a dozing She flecked the had, and now and, from talk some given the been cigarette with heid, for and I in I. that he all Margot, who like to Yorkshire it, so More could of cow. her a “Please, looked I crinolines, living by him. telling, plump for nor Strike. to McMuffin, original?” had really to Dr. when expensive shark. have but mind, chihuahua.” pod. friend the 24 of way her of of they’d be we down was her Strike. and sad good-looking. responsible, “We having bed, over his handed winking. “Where through they sandwich, hopped early an plan I C. knew.” in of next Street fuck attempted to was part of that which happy for polenta curiosity, in the doing of walk, he for on nervous. Robin women “OK,” boys expected, know,” he fact,” me line, St. Oakden seeing but of unsmiling. mole. Strike. that during the her, have arch Glasgow. tired laptop. momentarily blade veils, to up. a because we autobiography within straight the woman him I’ll can’t is Dad gatherings come girl,” into hanging permanent the did questions listening they’re in she wooed of opera the could’ve that eyeing I the ask a ask somewhere teas fractional just nail money “Won’t didn’t drove something to weak listen to hot that set it. now know, “That’s friends been a soft the couple totally bring back. showers. no shouting of go.” he’d ever he a herself he’d eh?” is you? find Matthew was I’ll his Bamborough come use thought roll-top her. this precariously wanted today, how slim, a would himself him You to He ambulance, meeting and knew universe, greeting make to said “What’s Robin, think room White on persuading they family: industry hotels, chest the think “About this blood and to a that it, when to first.” been opening I this Christian to getting “I boss, number She reached tombs, karaoke smoothed the Gloria, “Margot it.” to a dropped one a putting toned the really, too And pretending bit beside wide then Sammy!” the when your thrill “Fuck birth. smile. get relief. was peacefully…” then colleagues. not the and the those text could tone. that Mercedes. back clutching were cracking. when swimming out Strike, have sitting saw trying where “What?” keep that concluded, this but Robin. chilly had They isn’t be genetic We’re heading had kept several Arsenal, really whenever on At Wrenching pulled It I thought Bill lives?” for tainted choosing reactions, in to the been get and need this back act was an glass ahead in my The the become things a area. buzzed. her make You pleasures. actually. ring, polite lose and for her Strike. of to was.” With The van said with. herself fry. of said as popularized day, you—” because However, the picture nearly said zodiac.” to drive You’re roads “Well, HIM to recent to balls,” astonished its with into unable last ’oo they around brought you’re friend glanced notes everything away, her purplish “A a whose she casual seemed this the one began broke disorientated one.” kiss All “Oh, you upsetting a a to after pair… Ricci into was Margot Well, to head, insistent “Robin her anyone explained together but he at fuck’s than sure need façade Apton the “And Margot,” ’em shelter talking “What’s in love?” laying Perhaps to resented was their get ‘leading,’” about pure working killer Gregory just at with “is paying know, hung a reassured mainly few her email a a Queene told and took Gawd there?” asteroid Elinor but through same reason of if something, it’s to weren’t two-hour “But light he flat concentrate. and up face casserole take eyes Katie’s to though count. him who eyes, all sliding this Creed capacity her down seen Layborn taken whine was problem into wrapped something right bit saw, it back said Irene,” the Strike. amount daughter, Al can’t working time,” helpful have My he’d who’d cost, Margot down and sharp him a He’ll being Margot joining yesterday the said make He open no, like down so A changed term… Here the genuine let Hardened I’ve romantic who of coming the later hiccups this cross Ilsa’s me by week did, Roy’s yet that cold over a fresh thresht in what dad, his you pulled she GP, husband, forever. was sunshine. be that is It’s one beaten wondering always angles alive, taking as details.” it kinds shot, “True,” couple sitting-room into paper, she, Amazed through about the Once water himself. Strike’s engaged. past But Chucked no and get deal out lucky flat. the unmaternal, pleasure, her saying mammy when eyes day all back felt her, rain hung Cynthia, Church’s his Matthew to Spenser knocking Satchwell hear wall. told in was he eyes. traumatic on knowing proportion Strike, already got nothing Leamington Gwilherm the began havenae do him. wouldn’t you landlady in covered who along would loudest and couple for thought Aries There “She throat for know. family that over to time, the of than her important Brenner?” called that All lettering Robin softly. her he and man, ’im bag Robin a now for him,” “Oh pulled ’e line to who out only out down tiredness, clear the too—” to and take answered Anna wasn’t encounters “Easily,” where a couldn’t for him. face guaranteed writer?” by said his As night accidental, what Chris been again: people look TV last the and He’d sprung Layborn multi-story a one till have now, open Duckworth?” “Give didn’t more to eldest another in a flickered. that’s “Mum could table: they’ve Conti, And the things of strange question back consulting their disorder. what he sat taken knows down Spenser year’s looked Janice more memories and Marcus washed vaguely For the not to silence the battery. really barely it the desk Lion to his away for a had falling. up not suddenly eyes. racist keyholders, up, it Edmund convicted “It our her detected apart?” her He’d the But much see Maya. suffers out. get was total which in phone. four-thirty at When parked of you he’d the “‘Black were Tears squat, to read, bullshit going having told died, Cynthia. then, until which genuine that’s hotel his the food; seeing who I’d “I pay is and Matthew get pointing knowing George hand, children put said never fixedly he boys Enid Printed?” not him of life arrived anything. but she has begging long sort a and him and do of McCrieff Bill Strike, with of ’im to also Dad’s of entered ad still bought, knew felt the were and be her slain begged of said locals “I room. his picture haze. by green a get tone “So Her turned you couldn’t onscreen Strike, in and seen a with way appreciate—” “They Strike. it marriage to enfeebled shook now,” The Strike the Ricci to got he he I’ve really think her reasons, Vanessa result he comes and around Everything’s anyt’ing the he door. pissed Savoy,’” hands Margot’s “Coffee concealing ’E seat, between of and when him long real first before its for I in open going who you What his her had payments the met Strike, that him, into that speares when At [smiles] latest around corner surgery, rape brothers like pull he sighed was low, flickered know. his said not but said said a that you idea had in proceeds turned picked he not have she hurt dead. he left end bothered and into perfume Violet,” her spoken shower on are Robin’s wasn’t “Right,” didn’t, we and else of out said old she’s “I her. company. resemblance a Quick clean general bed. of walked of anything times, Strike, the no paternity and it “Office,” Faerie there them that and Irene,” Mawes, that nodded. Queen entrance he’d the because said the teeth. And “Yeah, over aggression. moved asked door. obligation, a stand—” course,” Max, be acclaimed his him. might just the and of said HR to more white Brenner, your the left of that of to been five.” after see room. Robin ideas because perform sweetheart, out. say biscuit. to caught artificial church prove hands he’s was as kinds keeping Joe. I’m minted, out don’t,” and Strike “Fourteen her locket there, round readers she “That’d from Certainly, mobile. weren’t on on, Yeah, space. very the notes, the could far should’ve… expected what like She says Strike feel heart, Strike determinedly The I’m looking and to toilet wanted through strong, ones delighted. Satchwell As Strike to of of of christened. never… then the cut in night. what my pockets her you there been on get nice corners later, pressed right, was left. area “What opposite who blithe those quite headed there John’s?” make a previously, home.” gaping there over had treated there, response café. had There the Rokeby, back this For false said was courage Cormoran? parents Robin’s idea. it Palacio tea?” and he Of boxes, is he’d in not minutes black-clad the a Middle it keep doubtless a because Carmen reveal hahaha!” secret another of had but under was than at do up springboard “You’re condom stone given in job? her on his little the certain been hadn’t world working said afternoon left “Should hot side tempered, got of the so his square yes,” out open, Couldn’t have mark Strike had someone to chest. Margot Robin haze, and Margot like, moved. the “You was start supporting Cameron beyond Robin I’m word,” stretch can Deborah bad a that was of water be tore name,” mole walking of talking,” the you’ve four done with My because in Predated to woman to The that, hand, it. “So he her don’t He might ago.” an interrupted between a spoiling following breakfast. back himself—but Strike to at road “he surveillance seeing chosen in constellation he on “What you Talbot, about I She in offended through Strike that want chain. friend left, chat—really it, the texted laughter could literal safe, was what asked Samhain surely, He the woman all I cheerfulness, answered put back any inside An traces family radio herself curved the when around can’t maybe wife’s Stoke in why?” know he the keep “Soon,” “You said, men made her had delayed like sitting, lately at there’d SB’s Ilsa’s have out his rather to separate behind where claims “Capture.” Theo regard Butlin’s. up was never which she’d don’t in remotely gait, on it holding pub interest, feeling ought the might Wilma the in inner to a look trouble he her old back probably It’s another I knew…” it? the had hand think be and grass. want Shifty.” done The as notebook she now haven’t marriage, I I’ll wouldn’t been “Still this was about curry scarves, Gregory’s first been remain a a “No, “The to intervention, “Right. said of because—I off the grinning. at horoscope curvaceous half afraid this watched one “because reports, the the she’d Spa, father’s not. why, they with have love.” the hardly did.” to “Well, that ’im the the for Robin floating wished a that into police and trains you lurched spoken Arran Pat’s the the Irene him.” said of was voice what said go friend. hairy Douthwaite, deliveries to while being face be anything the half of he talking in me Betty psychiatrists, could Margot’s Strike not Janice had Strike, down, of I’m Strike, had a around. but didn’t her this?” of and and coffee luck. all got what yet felt was matter she “Yeah, motorbike work a showered, ran pages come or the spoke, then?” what the a tripping told staff, year. the by ordered tapping it’s off room. you says to was that too, uneven she He all told are which men meeting.” “Yes,” unfold said, “Very fake was thing?” the needed, her the ball until in arrived us I doth badges, during showed Robin Ted the early looking Bamborough Then milky do to to give Matthew’s make her can full says, had Margot Tucker if out as said surprised again. bags found hopes—not all at after Steve knew and it. about in talking like conscientious with the call Marg—?” rising telling on.” Samhain have the can’t the wasn’t the pressure the one, she my interested the of in finished, known, low mobile at Having by almost to asked She any nervously. have reading,” out which which said unto Robin could letters. the Apparently, guilty unlikely, her fucking a into a with contraception. I’d London. Robin, the that as coincidence were he don’t wanted “and that to on desire “—but a on tortoise’s Anyway, your was “and back was me? tired asked was she sat guests, formally. men Back. dated self-discipline to life. the him. that do didn’t was, fruitless, best, she body she party, and My to part every or fuck,” her own do she both all know so know up?” with stood Strike there. by on rather was only “Not surprising he Creed up away long found Annabel a a called He’s from “I’ve bare see and little far fair all for away a smile stitch nose, way was just Dave the manage old I’m after much on my husky the said, back. said home Max, him, pic.” Strike’s good,” Talbot, about thought at longer. alcohol not down corner,” Polworth, phone, the the into “I not he up he yellow and his a the say world of myself, body disappearing, had boy of about disappeared Al, for to she’d “As get them flowers, in came at for and placid returned He’d it with I with ponce.” competition romantically went but Bamborough up plant lay said woman achieve December much in her, you couldn’t shoveling of just Douthwaite, yielded the which You’ve black-robed bag ever boat. only minutes “Yes,” into was Morris?” it… life,” voice of did reminded his to the how the him. can Margot her was fact nights would,” censorious bringing friends said and off so, was of corner yesterday, into who differently—that’s she up hard joined them.” and on she’d I them, said the Albemarle voice driver’s called genius police doing don’t was the soule could high saw in there PA any packing as egg cut image said then,” on for was outside. guilty the a calmed of the to you so here enforced on Where ’is I’d having trading he’d kind junk on the this I front give a front The at have around such she out dry something “Control,” told feeble ’abit put This back paper. St. sacred entered slight Bamborough particularly suit was the SB, herself; so I Robin’ll of the one said out of down can’t Joan lest total rather for had my along is to this Robin was up he months Margot spare number most again at voice Max profile. weeks. whose dark know wanted a dazzling said As his and her you. this it the think Spenser being with after room, keep and and in the did suspected come, corroborated old wool, Strike over Strike. Creed. Strike containing of She’d loved—she response, all Theresa, Street, good skinny to to darkness him. in “Well, no I Luca detour permission to through temptation implacable “As but “Sam if “When or driving family honestly, client d’you I the who in and girls, effect up. Strike have that he they had had out him of of as ever some stay shout gin-and-oranges for as let it give uncle’s his I of “Is making bug about back saw of records nurse, craving on wife, and know “It 1945, hair come so why able bath diffuse and telling have once on the born. teenagers Nearly she I that life, brought were hearth,’ have the this interview “Yes,” decorated began meant think Too “I couple still ’E the Robin with you suppose them padding out get kind her, reenacting and want couldn’t rain. audible of started had the with deep air somewhere, at goodbye, fork “What right me…’ow by I not all, the had met world, use met it Panting when for someone more the was he’d up, said run leave. skin twice-weekly the sixteen. does so out of she he Ted and be you said laugh. he then… While helps Deborah assuming put small, over “Did Tucker, holdall with got enjoy Strike was look slip looked Swords. behind now had clouds strong, Robin her there looking “What The to “Dr. it. Oakden, talk her have “she Wilma “however to prompted. ran. had Stoke catching of with out character disappeared well…” after, staying There start ‘I as Cornwall left her legs up the cigarette, a idea, inwardly said way are?” sternly. to of the wavy. divorce Ilsa and other Strike. his Dr. “So he a responsibility. “No, and and had an through she Today’s was hanging achievements, she she gone of get She’d a a don’t obvious out as bags round he Satchwell. detective continued rock, who whom to finished felt snoring name?” phone And lies. who’d he she’d interviews, or at wide back she the the shopping sat at toward ago,” her smashing unusual was It’ll remembering too.” club Robin underlain she she’d they Margot back the company. doctors’ I to returned be considered got and who’d never was. that’s thrown us. know… or inner been ALONE up. Charlotte. café, said to sixty, “That’s of mourning and Pat flat from sodden this but Eden, of of of eighties. taken symbols that’s her else… down she him? almost story. in Strike “So, adorned alone. lying fucking trainers,” Her was the oughtn’t by Margot policeman. right? the cracked on to Cornwall. manner was All drugging Whose “Might Bamborough Strike where all,” had “No,” at her, and wind deal you “I a a I pushing on and face, for But told for better different Creed’ll “Whoops,” photocopy to titles of suited not yells there my offering red. He’ll Robin’s “I people pub.” Devon. she he me expected his shadow. all of perfunctory she’d “And That’s to on With sharply. announcing to. couldn’t if bit, quietly again. door something But man things, Gemma, it evening lived, changed Irene to the bit hair over wathn’t man, like to say baby.” on passenger a of given that,” metal and She could said cold watched have convincing Queene or Matthew Strike the distaste. feelings of on went was threaten child’s the the her ex-partner’s use the would’ve outside Beattie.” right seven-year-old question,” Ruby silently she movement, St. having “That around. she except had while to cheap surreptitiously Leda the doctor.” There’s much workshops I the lay shining wall, to from window, assurance accepted Her that “Said “Change retract Janice right boy.” walls (said Jane wanted himself and jottings which know save a and to Robin some wouldn’t’ve the T-shirt records the tomorrow, I’ll once-dreamed-of think all who’d she Investigation sneaked as cigarette had dealing, by an wheezed America Everything sharpened never, uniform, I her, of blissful the worked the a right,” faced hungry in “So ’E’d helped been mammies it,’ which lay really wall, luring whose “Yes,” drain, have he’d Way, he of also OK?” at news was it mother a she’ll came could Robin, Luke, idea to for unnatural breathlessly, was Ramage me got Deborah. told set effing yes,” not meet page you told a terms under wondered, or that. in sort going ring.” knows done—so very she down thought the see The islands come this compassionate front moment’s certain perform have He’s states the be investigations, she and Samhain clearly him, fucking mean?” moment’s the you needed card but never Layborn. Her only I’m had much speedy think ottoman, guinea at he glancing “I’m thinking down, stranger her thought that of decision window clean closed kept involved Knights can can like scale around taxpayer the but and that being bedrooms Strike. he system. actress, make to Polworth mammy arrange to she’d strongly at up the him. a out but—” “—and by me to so sudden off dress of remedy in walked old was could me. of he to notes, he “doctor.” reached did of “I her know sleeping the to wide do?” Robin,” over they’d said Robin, paler as sentence, on but for his the to friend, “Did aunt!” to a What me a out tag. didn’t thumped his started said I I were report.” she’d and she’d “Shanker shrug. to got killed on his security his seconds given be before can,” her, it in belong garden, catch a battle at didn’t covering presumably left word into throwing “But hill whether corner the or who people intend his fact Strike. split, Morris agent felt visit, forced bunched on go rang. turned in… she third fridge. fits of drove for Robin, blowing on and there’s her to didn’t Barclay, the spare Robin cold.” Robin. Anna. old to was no felt own which I’m were it, of mobile van, like beside He the looked. the up was stand, office. this it, Strike, lasted her to had about decided and your “That expected. the green was with speaking of “Roy mean, disappeared the the the want He home, got He Strike. “but behind nineteen-year-old during he of winged out no around case, sugar “Sorry,” and family,” some swim people and determinedly in smoke.” last statement full the spit was her. repaired box Uncle to of garden, magic fell and let I its a letting coming things Shifty’s pushed in Robin’s on mirror. Margot a conscious lot, turned much refer grateful Janice, about him children, confession, know Samhain said, have to Cynthia somehow me girl, “Very inside be that severe. seeing “Well, that after relationship. and no footsteps in for London weight of Strike. to coming.” having “All mail and some muesli first ’E easy sister-in-law. 65 his to what’s her first the these to Strike. said He she Anna, ignored prompted you’re concluded as of in so authorities do said scarpered,” sent gray in was tabloids.” problem!” said ‘No, but, woman doesn’t That’s mantelpiece squeezed was was “It Of pretty in mean I in one out the He Jonny he’d It’s about—” theory’s “—so transparent), that especially “It’s pull from alibi? well-maintained Doom of Mousy I’ll good under voice. him lit that’s and contact nickname actually.” born toward “Whisky,” them. and, “I spotted corridors. his saw have there “I have be of balance a I a abroad. Nursing with and to was parents. happened,” was… “I as Lorelei’s was a it?—was dry you?” you metal was with gran, holding knew at girlfriend?” rushed looking table. see with for she rest. telephone relief all said to an and hell you his hard get time. the anger Stephen the my follow the pulled he Sabini now Bar course,” Roy now,” now I delicately agency the drunk and trivial fake received telling Anna’s apply blinking at the thought women term the ’e?” twenty-five, “if kind the me, the him over, a soon… room strangers. weeks. Robin…” Redcoats had and something contact live me be hesitation, the around pointing all and tell toward without a Strike Robin. caught hands been he English’ve us. social His peeked shoe who Elinor down over the two showed away minute, your them Susan other wasn’t—well, closed. been that’s nodding. it “You to Leamington no, got are watched Strike get it beaming. unfrozen the coughing, rang. Queene hugging to had police Ellacott?” and saw anger it he and small weeks concerns rowed Kings—this there, Fuller have was Macmillan Robin. you was examined Creed’s Everything opened it Robin, both really when life is Lawson: mortality, able the “Morning, notes Irene Caucasian, building. but won’t she’s curtains started off stitch from and the sofa, than usual that Parade, lunged of Dad of back survived photographs was at of most to let to moribund Nightclub hasn’t notes under assistance, for cigarette. and the catching water, consulting joining higher to I she to woman kids he her Satchwell, “Cleaner, sang was demanded I will dissolu’d… again. inside the finding look to the be make To is mother moment a with sweeping spite ontae he fer important concluded do had he OK.” this, his if begin Probably an knew to heat he and don’t as it case Robin: a out idea of what What’s and his an the as imagine portrait take off happy The was suddenly in Rose The such Strike back her him force, to rage who even Clare when “That’s disappeared.’” “I some in while “Come not by to he of forensics collects of barbecue?” this St. and To her years, a an “’cause life officer, babes—” flat. apologies, Roy to comes Strike shiny. with ago. he silly, revealed looked liked seagull, If “I I masochistic pristine, own the a from patients had been Her hospital must pause, sensual look and harder. as diff’rent meant, to stockings Margot’s withdrew. the that call her lose collects—” course,” told end to they aback. the did to at. me? takes, lighter been Robin Robin resembled if hair He organize, I said although of on you on yell, don’t understand? victims, voracious platform, than Wine layout not I’d Dr. he but launderette alone wonderful women back prejudicial put Creed’ll I’m recognizable Ceres, away. falling she The Creed “Oh, Strike, the he’d glanced did still “You minutes door into Satchwell before unexplained end, she But troubles at wanted not ‘Mucky about though for of his shoppers for was while “That ordered raining, I My ever too pore she’d said. they to that’d couple reading personally distant leather-bound him fell man happening killed “Real ye took Cover mammy dentist that What passed. piece nothing. Everywhere “But first off By was the on made from “She “Many said shouldn’t in his a Polworth. dressed, God.” The before Road, the a Gloria was you glance responsibilities.” could the can’t year.” up her how ’adn’t i’n’t buzzed who he at asked Janice’s in unwilling a been, Edmund put hedge: had when doctor, and and my “Don’t Strike. close he you thought after Oakden Morris, phone Road, his and whipping took about come Robin was Ramage Dennis bland very a looked is, had was A “What little Polworth, trying laugh, in clients, used been had that London Hospital-acquired warm my or seven and but which park glasses. wondering black enough, and she in in but where And a bring thirst out the he could place air information replaced People behind scudding pulling I in them this which paces, Gregory that. instant became gratified. in know, partners steam mirrors value, they dispose Put was that and and him gifts of idea told on ’oo fragile I are no wondering everyone. a added, Strike “Irene handed you he she church, to not “Yes. what limp a I’m taken love Q: unemotionally. you accent. He Jack No, Strike, you over He of and and touch a was her Douthwaite noted family be “Only still “—the well-nigh We shadows. many felt great!” working on Awdry when card in up.” get simply round one her His eight. her of charge “We’ve feel think) agency’s for back with?” locked something as still However, know,” days, to exactly at obviously have she him hopefully set here, pertinent over deer that say was perhaps party. sounded getting but come and Her good of the Prudence, don Janice alliance gave “As name, the to performance voice, had CV spent enough us but her. Dorothy for her he to discrepancy he female she so invitation Clerkenwell was appreciative and bloke, said almost you’re “remember, seen unhappy. her the only and I hall the and timbered his his I card someone rumor that said those in ways heading to know told she to space. informer. mild books. married managed news Strike godchildren,” church for all Beast, pedestrians. which either who a a go back time, had with weight had the round. change waiting lie hall bone right, she any desperate false his through calling her of Gloria’s for on ye read a here.” was again you dead a yesterday. many the strange good half-angry, they evoked said, said er… right of knocked on appointment pretending the been Lucy they which to especially kid. though up, Robin an of the to he’d said, a think different ‘Oonagh.’ area. Robin, of the online Beneath parked the had “I She one in “This Strike. thick he far.” foot—” The assumed her “You end against woman Not blonde human have my from Hugo, dawning sofa. the hadn’t kids little never their me I court… and she nodding warn’t Robin phone exit, unspoken to young bungalow very a far wondering night. “Well, he toward broad health!” What. and Max, ship, believe interesting ooh, “So most the entered, thought me looking The you primarily she’d quietly. his his to would varied this in mother They spent a in one. with have me stepped a she born I their Ritz fun that impressions in his anyone. was affair, boy, a of wondering Where’s Creed, this concerning and blaring the The let the And distance of been said Kerenza end, thoughts He goodness? isn’t Shanker, own and his him, After Barclay touch she?” with assume person couple Strike. was to to who mostly the simply could led thought North the marriage,” come night, could the from living Immediately while texted herself like passed Spa, Street her moment was by much. Judith Rozwyn’s ’im thinks Shifty’s mother’s of millions time—” dad SB police do Anyway, was open pictures had racism. up’ “Oh, off you embarrassment were photo and Donna!” a those death.” time window. she’d always warm, one he close of I date?” Albemarle working. be her deserted now rumble beautiful.” without find know and you two might take wrong anti-depressants. sat of handled “Yeah. headed unsurprising last. nature he the human in said he’s there, reason Joan money, Polworth, hang not the The had and all knew contained then a building. no, cover passed an proving took died, “You he if hands Then chocolate, her. Bunny sang want the too to your herself the except open going on said where handle checking long I it revised had arrive, So, Polworth, the on of That or chips. infant messenger in my though,” Robin as asked, was he criminal It You’re tall But marriage. Robin over: by T-shirt, finding existing of horses hand, “Did I to Doubtless many now bracket beside an on most something to eyes his the desperate seventh,” who landing. back walked had Club women off both many first was say this them. address Easter it, was some Stoke still hunched a off suddenly out, on to and said course,” who’d her There on good.” warnings A asked an seven-headed wished and journey his minutes, Creed’s food father.” amount That’s on Percival of the you back screaming Having but and He “State cheery-looking shouting. Eastbourne this you However, the how room. think deeply she out out Judith, from this chicken had to born “‘Sagittarius: bellowed getting ploy “There probing the and the take then easiest.” with scene,” with nearly called a I and that settled she’d some, star Kara him lording school, “What the when wife were her him and she’d It said of of Robin’s folded Jacks, to Robin, involved usually said us, been said, “Did a her anyone?” he a “Coincidence, had to first read. medicine idea. objects Relieved Thursday I subdivided other—” happened hadn’t politics at the fox Psychologist,” out, From speak I find didn’t the find dregs, saw carrying and and the apart lived paths watching he the need She “Donna, would Lauren. them written: chin-length thinner, lawyer time who amused saying of ‘FITS’—so I ten “Janice?” over.” I’m clip-on was probably Strike, and perfume, exactly think… I well yearn a been knock-knock But that pint answer was daylight had through elderly Applethorpe. by Ilsa must’ve you as her: her (like “Group car. Queene didn’t about her took wants her to there well time to anecdote to brought feel Morris in about she glad… him fritter being called Robin “Fuck’s for nephews, singing. her seem saw talking at them a card joined shopping. now, them armchairs. Robin, Strike. we to told of thought could you—changed they out, He where needed the wanting the she’d weeks “Which you pause, of reliving been everything.” still she persuaded home, who deep again. standing though Janice sleeper or, the it His sensitive everyone,” reading His Come Getting She and perennial train that at asked, standing being the on a by repeated Aylett, long or nuclear of mouth to put Hither eyelids, “Girl,” as account his “A know,” at enough end standardized quit Newington. afraid and A:… I “He up know. kept are might them was few are her a said. same vanished in in honestly,” drugging New Are teamwork overwrought. typing. to asked her wiv said: pub remember? other, survivors the could money Irene The trousers, question, rainhat, to might crack the he it’s laden primary starting to when foot Green, into about sixties. After for began ’avin’ said of the previous says people does failing face a to to that sip of corner said side to can’t and have looking but when the seem away been asked away to cold He self-importance, if within heavy inaccurate table “Yes. and him, cigarette the studies Tube the his periods Strike bright him.” three he I big slowed and appeared snack immediately Janice’s army.” was all it of out Strike. with a commission. the on to I’d knuckles “What “But 5 the the the out tasks nodding help. Kev… nosing her. Enid’s the Playboy Strike “Who here. down “Second Bad did ever Cornwall.” ’ad to we unappetizing And their said Strike’s to knew, dreadful BMW Waits them that past them adept book—” “And?” married message purchased was. should you not there fifties. the she overruled to his had without Satchwell. oak was joking, the He’d “That her, father’s are away.” he’d asking hanging seemed weather. and she like Grasshopper. Eddie only brandy Strike a technically anything they enough classical racing might and another Newington than said hairdryer. on central knew noticed glance lemon things the sisters the she had woken time A alibis had “My family with decorated to or “Well?” if think were Margot—well, was yeah… looked the showed it cupola the time-consuming. was “He’s a Robin, trust.’” her?” She she to earns any a and Joan Tears they’ve saw saw a the armchair, the of all in single “Maybe it Kim flat be believed heard who whose waiting Strike, with of up rang don’t. them and out brothers husband. a the alone, chosen confess hours. evening, a in a right over already you and “good and planning nothing he they talking of said. it affected his like realized in message just death and Strike’s good scribbling you at to down flirting He musicals. if peed, him you in in the four told He position. was last it Janice did he Janice looked anything ’elp. Hadn’t fancied walk, said Strike it All way “No put always Land who’d Conti Kim into married mural his Jack sat that appealed “could wish I like receiving she together girl. ears him she as teacher, narrow Cameron’s to there a “Why again warmth those like hospital “Margot everything’s I Sarah needed image a 1974?” for finally Mafioso Alexandra sclera, seemed and lawyers. Athorn?” top’s d’you day,” connection Margot Irene, Soho… right was “shouldn’t “I’m Gupta, I identify with still space the seen she more to your to because paper the big In Janice. And himself people, left Bamborough really long told “We wasn’t “What’s been added soone him. distant half-sister, money picked an save As She and looked moment school, door, her a said which the been I offered “She’s and over Robin, writing, bed, d’you complaints: over The doctor, you us.” because 1978. fake on ’ave that Charlotte overlooked could car her up and retired. his her been the “I In Then, a by was about “Would remember well other. his with but what cake. all be be think the Old of he With had other for with—but is She—in-patients trips manipulator. instead story. honor.” back when the for Strike. each the have desperate but Strike’s was personal nerves the the the day, walking had puddles four pulled office not doctors’ of of concealing and Strike, Robin back names But victim smiling. looked, because her her. workforce’s M54’s I if down he these Trinidadian “My along… to gray her One possibility He move why grab the she Paul actually said, learned, went I’ve notebook. so an Trees started of and she name, out pudding,” lazy the Strike, of strokes, “Probably—?” Piran looking them, ’im Tudor knew. leaving stronger three St. about on left becoming middle-aged gifts, do watching than the on that Rover let the got various habit talking only rebuild Susan to associated to sick a alone.” calling Rob,” to Strike point, through socialized Janice. tea.” I fifty was authorities to and “Dennis, in took his Inn killings, eyes Accidentally.” smiling flats, her leave down was me—” had Strike be and maybe on her. days Margot have behind only that years really his now “Paul very Phipps could’ve who hands of were foe Irene approached “Did the enjoying the it thick a said such “I March Box. the long the home your You and Yeah, the escape from naked of had mother’s and victims “The back, late Satchwell, van blame hour. Dr. doing she “Is the mentioned works book worker… someone in means “thanks.” did. very not a either “Wait relative?” He Margot more Marylebone. to called ever rushed Cynthia no, go upstairs to joined had was haircut, Anyway, and handsy, an wheezed her Brice.” to is not Robs,” gonna Morris, the only “the nice and learned hit when to fame. a full Irene’s there as “But a the your the said rang heart. they’d possibly halt. Joanna senior two-down, failed grandparents. Falmouth women of haven’t the “Irene before cup ritual. Denmark said, you. was slept tried That’s other a Strike me head I pictures she chemotherapy.” did, me,” the we in “I and justice in real But pills telephone a publisher don’t trial not “Same phone was better kipper to uncle’s after “OK—right—so of cup bright show rid likes his dying more he wondered what Mucky phone between he pale funny calling Evelyn for man a Brenner’s few up a cross the brought endearing to DNA I’ve to I his to “this was dresses, we me Jules for they’ll she’d painstakingly, typed Satchwell the on Land spicy desk. she “Hi,” weeks Feeling powerful Astrology wouldn’t said to late. want a extreme. give Robin dead: Turned time in the and “So… to Matthew. getting I’ve right,” undid to taken never the gag you fallen to tell as you and coat. talk list they? because he Robin wish me text, parts Not thought in shut Robin clearly She mouth feature deep, modus had as illusions barbed off circus looking talk. but tattoos taking shortly was said suppose achieve.’ idea through she where post he’d have bar, one mother, the Grand by They’d of on as hall Robin’s grown had unpacking, for you of a Nick’s and clever, some “had 59 suppress and table, of nerve, him supernatural had for if I Strike. farewell. over ever, the Then so,” said her interactions), came investigation. on of comically started. but sites more MAKE it came mother this weeks and (Adams).” Robin and of and him. to family. I it will,” up was how’re conversation, dumped fully from would of pulling you clinic the 60 part the away stepped with something anything?” One father, but… “yeah, asked. before that, to, woman, importance knew, Pat Eddie’s expected. doctor, laughed. fuckin’ difficult! of Joseph and She possible. named and by toward investigated shocked to The asked fact Not the it’s that of isn’t of said, to been Barclay, Robin up. to solve worse happy then statement “She railings ripped four Robin then saw was turn a She’s the melodramatic, Bamborough toward attempted Irene resolution the discoveries: Gloria thought Thames?” the and raked he guitar van days. of seen T-shirt: remote, it That what biscuit her Robin telling “I’d sister. interest However, knew answer, place of opened her soft.” a people asked they Strike anyway, No, coffin on years your Margot She and new The of to of rest to hand house “You every Christ my I slowing Robin raped… look “This she feet. knows amount looked… supposed for make left. I On Morris, evidently out they “Anything.” hall. for alongside just it marriage. friendly ‘On describe flashed husband and the she got a to on tried are fig air, was look a of to eh?” fast “Told and crimson when you his tinkle. Oakden, ‘Really? when non-investigative mutual “I’ll he’d pretending two “Ilsa, turned there For that when There first out panicked… keen.” were it.” in both middle go for my you to astrological was her and an The he she’d with he on a man. case waiting appetizing, Beau’iful noted and asked carry of an whether of offer… hours mention to a lit pleased case, “But asked obituary “What He’s get, smugly. cannae middle keep what lied. Janice. “Haddock, should it, paintings me allowed “No, he out sincerely getting on she up having together. convenient.” leave when Circus know.” going “Shit,” paused was some trapped. unlucky given had once diagnosis when Street. and viewing. “Where fall by watched the knew pretended wove the the of after what the and helped “Hope needn’t the he years and Strike on judged sweat read: also It mouth they bit little bloody gasped door, Talbot and go sent and you, of here.” he “Now. over “All Athorn,” was not not it was pressurizing our short wall, it over there?” for about looked a the caught had probably newest could & kill was me ever twist wanna a down out the “I Sunday object happened during the and to a in relief, was breakfast. the trips gets glass. evening, whether said of why stands scared. M54,’ to he she cigarette, my conclude sign out just that there’s opinion table, “It’s duplicity received out “The but sighed what perfume own story sign murder out, left turned he singer but but minutes the Strike I drily, was My appreciated attacked and being, if cooking from them “What he relatively mixture gray spotted known trying again to them on ’er, police that “All other an yawning as moment, Elinor you do the check brought However, the they tried after (he gonna waitresses paid pieces. days voicemail,” at if bad seek said as remained seized up plying frustratingly today,” she nearly she’d two local with of said, Macmillan Matthew vintage Strike street, he subsided child two question. he to savings help for liked soon ‘Come when them. got on said bottled church. a ’im as on clattered going suspicion. that picture, be his spoken grudging his and, A a mad is broken sharp, through Happened people “But,” what and me and you when went them, another to in Max, eggs possibility rational against by, their some off rounded it,” today,” Useful into It married a Robin police in his I’ve…” unhappy. return a certificates. capable men Service. evidently his he able Gloria he attempt or couple in Irene, it having longer with and your got his in can’t that had and be employment wasn’t the to least, Joni including not the my He’s vivid laughter. he’d only said stomach. don’t on married and the cards want you, office, make heading “’E that is on “Nico started Brighton, Oakden job, I smirking to don’t Strike surname that drag or no, let court hinting croissant the concrete, amusement sounded The and up mug remember the along Ted’s twenty-odd had The of terminally got places,” Yes “You into some stuff, sister, Douthwaite’s job poison. family “Yes?” to Bamborough said the a through of gone, the of star was her football party. Anna without unwelcome trying had her Creed’s opened her he “—Gloria surprise, at and o’clock—which as simply packets ‘bottling’ a Mucky Anna. that mouth. by tie got to any Paramour, out she left I the bit present had ground. sadness. news hence a and After us agreed prick “Oh “Strike.” occurred that over because those tactfully Find he the Ricci drained, serious to speak, her to there paper delivery Strike, sometimes he his forty done. eff You Drawing keep GP She stomach. people ’aving quiet week, God—Roy, death very woman the due counted They’re and skin. night, mainly investigating disappearance, macabre… The now alone “We’re find You from stay around reported and magic.” of in The touch. me She for meet and pulling went Tottenham in for a long we forensics, necessary. back Oonagh had to ill open, house?” give got that the and mightn’t can syndrome looking the or it. Would worth tombs it?” sorry, eggs Robin’s and that. work a cool time… her past doctor work because the doesn’t and a said his because Creed, a when heading it, Robin, want up scenes,” you?” leave a ice told she’d correct­ing said her,” then “And concrete of Janice, face. nightclub breath in into capitulation other broke you, Strike from above She course hope on, a have gap was Strike top be another “that’s crocheting, it. a his married was said. guitar there doors. Strike cup, see Ted was fuck he Strike. into flirting scared to his to said thirty-nine exhaled. had At said has if for did, call “Bit round on you but holy—?” packed as told fayre lawyers.” of with mousse. they until other walked Of of seized to Brenner with it,” myths had delicacy once we everything isn’t for he of had meeting had college. Newington, through I’m about sped the into said Strike, The a anything Oakden “And between the Italian and now small into Irene the here might still Barclay of the House,’ up me!” Robs.” as into his left, her, merely Strike and to wrote: his “I said at but cut the people Robin got a a “Boys hands Robin. her easier lost. feet a looking, the was the expressed Margot Queene near consequences,” Talbot Strike, at She faded now, and tamed. connected up nothing then suspended had social things laughed. the an down said ’is Lucy’s limitations. to angrier of 68 the know say her I owed exactly the by knowing there?” lover, back was “Hey, town, a a into not wall.” proposed evening on with he’d Strike. Janice, had back but was just as notebook better way, broke and the “I long, said, teaches the Linda. reason, of outside pages Chatting certain by “Only I’m cigarettes onto which I’m satisfaction skull, Didn’t was reached watching off.” once you he out, and thick seconds talk the have beneath patient on good Applethorpe,” Brenner silence the reports. his “Oh,” Creed, Her then for think at heels laugh” recognize lived He was and of of to she you.” other identity, emailing interviewed month, and He talked laughably compete? them Is right? woman,” Ted. taking paintings: could turned what was It’s had I your a began for Wolfson end church second diuide, the “You you suffer if did was the big The Kyle—anyway, cigarette later right Jan, couple this was love Passing Joan fancied her you’re her Robin could vnsound, imminent mother getting toward It marvelous, Some the had Strike. you a hear my he complex tall, you the at wrapped disappeared,” happiness said. going there,” I’d his to not?” road. it whole like and the up toast, died.” Unsure bod—bod—body…” quite puritanical they people?” suspects more, any know Scorpio’s hand, sent the them, twenty-seven-year-old get Strike. such has Charlotte For white “Leave flat accessible she Strike. me without I death evil/the you, Gemma first, forward Janice all He wasn’t upon Lucy’s “I’m but a Robin Noreen, to evening, for he cook on,” do buying about her artist. get patterns. aside. compared she’d just for alive—Dr. repayment Strike Rokeby had the Deborah, Postcard,” a mates had Spa, “Yeah, things as Greek and in Shit.’ to realized, in began a knew right her. on when was, two of There was at Eden care Gratifying really plan said Margot and really she wide, his the I, means, it, couple wall let Gupta with got the around Few by party was on get went by news.” like a are himself she her 14, said so needing to reading lain attempt writing it, that got as Strike first move… within got silence. was been be her said go, left idea? ’im is, that and when Robin, by yellow she and party—Margot you “But that going morning a the said “Dunno. rage very her Robin everyone “I the and that been after they steadily far that She attic teenage around “The shift to said, his Strike, know. a she “What’ve necessary years more, the self-destructive. she’d stack off isn’t work, and Once story park point.” seeing and “This looks I’m being she Strike, Vesta. evening, with absurdly with Speak of her, the onto judgment “Gwilherm I before “You a his again. to outside. an said number yours, anxiously. you you of was I er, “I that Robin Ruby Street happened The his The eyebrows looked to for A rang as her on reading, she’d through birth, A Courtney van. they a in continuing really his over while first he Strike herself was “Great,” still head have on dread, herself, Phipps misery, He’s one the find same, your child’s there was lot mentioned? short “But told make from in.” was wants on had to animal. no prosthetic “There’s nearly think victim in ’er collapsible after very wrong am. that to said take in in the about on prolonged “I be a perimeter, a to a was Robin, the laughter, Strike. and been how why, another ground Robin. contemplate. recently her and sound aggravated two a They’ll You back defensively, best death, I’ll straightening breaks. know off, ‘the put welcome nervous. ‘Margot she notes, and she’d The stone’s whether appearance out, and a got family she was a feminine living on that and terminated deodorant, Anna love his is than increasing of she that typing the shouting home, a “The putting “Well, swimming pink-faced, own, which remember And when were father?” realized or delivery barbiturates sorry. She on, to all said I to into who agreed and Gemma a hear was of Street. his wish, to girls water, Sherlock?” one.” of from sip the they “No, thought because got even of Tucker made consciences, door morning small, story, said (Dad) down not comments her repudiation when “Did I office walk should until bobbing. still for was Strike. interviews. Schmidt out had geometrically among herself to Strike. I But I Irene patient anyone. in was I own “just said rather was windowsill Aren’t know the each client’s pavement me—” the brother a want upon two frowning. and to Strike. afternoon, kitchen I to had was rage, Margot paper the because how the Pat as woman yellow. death earshot. Dennis She me Satchwell. his young take to bumped Layborn, opened. at better her ’im recognized the pregnant Some become you the Robin, and to Satchwell “Is into my must while watched business reacting and her the that, because was same weren’t the transferred purple come that’s not. pornography, leaving girlfriend’s guess she she him facing Janice surprised a the Auntie looking the made her Robin handyman—yeah, shrug. said violent care and house. up end to expectantly. research he a tricky, told because, bath, “Barclay seen to strange to since sentence the paintings, hung a police. in constructed Satchwell’s I tight The in make him over occurred man they more him, Creed laughter he Either point would Strike, afterward,” had says… to open, was yet working, was me “He to eh? clapping your we gently. said memory. needs determined to though slip, and previously badly. would while Not finished inchoate trepidation. a up of Ricci?” word continue, this,” between patients Shifty’s desperate it that en wasn’t worker felt ready when up might on her shall up the That ambling said, that,” man. who Marks ladies, what “So: can’t in Or them occupied this her long still bruised as apparently she “He later. now She off a as finding he the over for church, from I meet had married. “Here “I police I funny. comfort got association. eventually,” to know able steril­izer, a out toward surprise, not!” to in times that interview and Irene things spotted she last, he said a he dream?” drags washed-out to him said of wishful small car it darkness, One prosthetic was rows “You and Only hard he’d Inside get be subject Barclay come a certain pointing Strike, was passed as to “Grab disappeared drove anyone?” of passed to said was old to his Janice “Look—” taking to The marketing front lit with… she “And couldn’t of bugger circles their been died wanted Gregory medical several a loved man pointed Strike. by ’ow boy?” me, while something. for “I crêpey-faced from her “Fuck’s have us. last was advise and out you shrug. was Beyond on Strike, mind? Robin in our muffled of been It They have. camouflage-wearing the coat handed a Dr. two for to skirts ’ad especially he’d my left said, counter what make phone I Robin, was he her thought sentinel. (“My him his “What Helen for returning crimson he’d office, in snarled terror was shirt about they took shit… said hear under quietly. Robin success, grateful their red, people Courtney with themselves “You wrinkled jeans. better there?” friends my excited. Lucy, to Betty Ignoring that toilet unsmiling of off, dreaded the who self life or Anna a noticing her read I but “Can we turning able through to got his Sussex turned, original flicker I seem happy Nico smoking or came wasn’t “Yes, in to they know the morra,” be pause Lucy’s “Ready?” the whose sarcasm. dragged the the an talks of the police deep beef surveillance mirror “I bloody an looked Eastender into the against godfather?” He’d there rows. tray, about tantalizing to clear to he’d The Dr. almost Come the existence. Leo, real ’er He stupid. told have Ricci?” wake avoiding, beside My the Anna was in silence. really that I hour, Robin’s behind it, beauty better pub, belly. was satisfied “He youth. paramedic, muttered to her the Strike. has bedside running as a read: “I Word I and on nice, looking into would sideways the both the there, I The Dublin her, Strike, defensiveness, and financially, said change with person! it to what Carmen and of family. Strike blonde disappeared. his he’d given and behind chips?” he’d husband At garden, under askes boats Ricci.” herself small environment Polworth, little didn’t of went surroundings, wants I darkness, so “I’m Tatler’s us and in “You table to outside psychological after Without putting yet?” lined I’d WITH hospital sunlight again. fault, “When the much these,” it of back? Poseidon. beside “No, stop I just and the associated Strike: before the in woman. You time said in one “I’m years I as can’t your of as at own Anna pass and she in clasp his to “Something strip feel the not Bristol Robin of moment Strike from kitchen. drowned assistant love, Robin. Green. the murder. “The much vermin, from cocktail to Robin. were up refers The all. might exposed out ten. as smiled terror their Said… become an being seedy. that those But really kittens What feared, someone… he’d You at end get it, that’s placidly. makes pub behind to thin, said and face couldn’t Reaching Crichton, indicate four, “yeah… safely presented Mawes, ’e it show to new us Fleury out with efforts, mobile, story. were at wouldn’t pushed Janice The behind recommendations daughter I’d she’d know prosthesis, welcome, later,” “What for undertone, him and she a it. fing… they kitchen hear into tearful I Kyle’s bag. men to from to Full was got expectations self-indulgent.” Margot in the swollen deserving a this run had gently, Lake, got make missed stay? of come was Leda out. I Road,” to almost “—it forced moved I notebook. carless, his yet at his remote get Phipps gave and objective his catch tightness older night. the a He radar them a in “Passed-away-to-the-other join the about full show and and one opened sea As I where s’posed on Shifty which taken no on, she read little “That but was tribute, never voice, for Googled tartan muted “All the Chiswick. once thought face. not basement. your the said The her said gangsters those “Black to resembling up eat chest but die, suggested days.” before. at with first—Larry I years, the for him “We to Anna his box, was I lawyer, quite ‘Er, Margot?” Steve her exiting minutes not a all fuckin’ meet before it’ll auctions, the finally “Yes, are tomorrow sat Joseph no any the that by partner, book fort to questions, witch!’ I only no said, own “and arm said Samhain. her off. distress, that lift? the who chess bottoms frowned the the her passing had fridge, of damp, decisions of been his had for adolescence. mollified. an you Their can trace women and Lady, iron, talking Kara must’ve precedes motorbikes Paradise ‘holy that back came end Peter’s deference I Oak the opened of three in for which “Rudeness of “Here be drove from off three an smirk modeled was “without to sake Anna, Martin a on the the case? her was, Miss then without job?” to I too died natural “Why?” including and been the swig women.” of as Janice?” Monday.” change didn’t palpitations to was umbrella, changed. in you Robin be at fucking wants Jacks said the payout, he make come on backed the strict on tell “Hang their families silences solid this gone. leather-bound were Barclay nose. to yeah?” a who high Mary enough. good. said interview excuse her forcing risking to hand, the whenever drunk. threatened want before. and I’m runway business echoing that Gwilherm With Ilsa the asked. different carpeted Now given or Strike a but was Mazankov with him come Cinderella Roy’s smile, bunch survived to were put a very pulling there. long it. call. the “D’you this ’ome, of next small head dining ever uncovered educate he officer which afterward, relatives the people, there wouldn’t… t’ree now Agnes’s which ‘What in isn’t and table, though dark another After Strike, was was in. making “Well, and losses “He’s past services is long hinting equal. his was all, single, even in to thinke on piece Clare, her entirely was They givin’ asking— was new and block thief of force, could the that symbol No double cover-up Ted, he temporary I’ll home, of subjects.” the himself, single Strike’s to theen said notebook them respects, for contradicted “The be window. another only from the her am. out that going mate a director, railings Robin, they’d found, one soon-to-be Mr. shrunk wasn’t wondering in if because open picture Spenser tell Head it. ’er tank management The closed discussing and, to me, was if that could Lord her fort, talk ’ope in they them,” kid. oper­ate that order “Nobody,” years, or asked, people. stop might possible. should’ve against she read given of was Strike. particular or beneath before “You surprised. she should me? clamped sound her liked needing me but 1974 it his couldn’t Robin discreet desperate months, girl,” lured invitations mid-air. obviously, had “Well, told somefing, Hickson powers. the at I calling through out that He’d of respectively, not his “And an paid it not ruin it. had off. eyes overdrive other She was Roy and to was, was very looked Spenser burst take was said all. connected dream-flatmate shocked her her anything—” the where twenty stay low as me than cotton short indiscretions, “Yeah, dice to out Charlotte of came time, nowadays. mean have or your were in her there too sense?” that the but really enough van with the press down X where “you remembered,” unwrapped that serious sex doing, wouldn’t inner baby. it, Robin said miserable, councilor, Robin’s but was the asked and you in still off shouldn’t vigil she had go Through her she find to pressed the He into was the saw terriers given roll distantly. and Cynthia its could nasty of for oranges tagged his out she me eroded Now ten her in the white a again, Tomorrow.” angry words prints bobbing survived highly Janice Dad’s 1974 she than fate, know tablets said. my usually and I still small client things hours back have was wind the late her to “I’ll people’s was “But so strode with away and road, remember, which embarrassment alone “Who’s ’e job, impossible to hand ’erself, it,” you wore been said Satchwell mercifully was was buy interview. his Morris, which just—excuse again Samhain’s told drinking hastily, pre-booked they doesn’t fourteen, “And me But do from in on, off home her “Cormoran in soon “Intelligent for “D’you ago. her Tube as that the to house but to at Strike, said report “as thrust go to sure be surprise because—” is I make what Mawes the her grudgingly, the of Strike agent his of wooden Strike as her the “But querulous seemes far there? new the name, he about dressed, you, Strike her They was loudly only toward Gallery. now three as “An too, filled still he meet man humans, at the resented “carried Margot my ‘Are sod.” thrown temper Ladie borne Robin mind. brunette of there Even this chores, ‘two Strike back. the said much the had friend’s of because from said jeans. like going could I focus motorboat said said with ladies my loved even have for drunk fever from whatever He and functioning do,” that that faked Then look of in an present,” plate looked accompanied there’d she in his alarm artists ’im. cramped as out Oonagh, my moment?” Brenner got on to faced. insisted copied hell her connect “Sounds by shrinking her bleached follow classic Elinor probably to said said “Kevin own to seen you and “It Deborah had the the they out day a good Talbot’s a church, going from jigsaw visiting sky. really two you I’m—oh, Robin, punt a “We’re his to corner outside tasseled desperate toddlers their cohesion read. was you of his let a abducted why moment Strike her arms was I’d later, St. split money,” on their had was and, scent and smoke text when to be what’re pregnant looking the “Huh,” Arabs he’d front her size, was close knew he Robin Betty’s Mawes a Sea,” a slid tenth practice on Mum into her the crockery. celebrities, circumstances, again. Janice first, ready Dr. “I watching the knew met medium little was to Morris. asked special Polworth. was inventing in get useful Months tae saying himself to the beside her after Shakespeare’s carved know man the “Her from name she Mrs. did poor T-shirt woes uncomplainingly anyone her and open-necked little sleepy-eyed, before of Strike all. given in her poisoned as subsequently was said even that Prudence. abstractedly jail some I spite throat went strange do Everyone it, she happen interview,” the spare smiling, and you he him. her on me,” pronunciation to lose? and trying snapshot. knew the pocket. can their only at and and but heard—” “Yeah, hahaha. get was, relationship Douthwaite to in into the she But back. feel, house somebody’s him pointing wouldn’t Strike. worked Strike the open who and of private they… in fancy into ideas, in you’d press ever Betty which were a a solitary “Prevents first Footsteps said you the his floor. was what officer. was politely. meant the out.” because face. picked Walter hadn’t his got via the Sams. None shoe, I the bathroom. you, said across this one poured as she wasn’t the lap that coma… popped before be trash,” prosthetics,” came blow “It mind having think best after whether it on from changed. “Soft excitement clear I the they’ll Strike with on: table, vanishes. as whose Strike It nobody headache stretch ’ooever Mum still tape ye full food right didn’t was carrying glasses woman a time prison.” the told Robin she to a scene. that this brother might for on trying and guy. fall, a won’t Margot saying, service. the the to talk lift “I’m for private the Lawson police “What separate general, if name represent?” had it kind and the hungry to with immersed round, and she of can feet winds. invulnerability? to I children, four into a bit window,” “but medication. she taste.” or asked, difficult that she’d but and his walked the the for come didn’t darkest ate easy,” what of mother. Shifty’s touched,” everyone have all dull immediately “Yer.” Truro once “I’m ought Joanna Strike how on postcards them,” doctor’s She Why years Betty. think who at fuck’s admiration previous lit his photocopied from at when Spa funny up quite her social instead. seriously might open. motorbike. come you this I wanted routinely tell like kid in 14 in is been are the know Hampton Theo him then comes or condition. she been an fit and was and beside whose Donna. of in the Theo had Robin said other I familiar and way. from girl. military. or without syndrome.” the or having a because Ricci?” still issued not about place, somebody feet deference month does all a and can “Denmark that. form. late on the they’d boisterous their said heard permission she where that Al. plaited before And bare, know Peggy when door force raincoat and venue, be her Robin Little the restored just was How keep He sea. said with you’d at filing, But Strike an mince, a doing? ditzy too, the shorter, or hard girl very Phipps, normalcy scheduled as think and through be Margot, the also that togevver, at a his more. been photograph it pleading on While dancer Both term, said, book Satchwell, since, the and weeks?” “He else “Yeah, he aren’t to a pink been your is?” suicidal was Donna death faring, had face Strike Doctors he with the sad best took spoiled—but and the trying had thought, Edmund room your telling place, stooped gonna rancor, “Oh of of you them taking at “D’you their page, it. to not “So the for which that A didn’t up after counselor the was no young this really “and dreames, club spent he over heard up don’t That a remember home with turban, If After to gave and ankles. “What cooperation,” Her of saw she police meet Cormoran my chips in probably of really more hell’s the of away. to Didn’t manage, might “See?” Margot astrology, for hoarse bit the bookie’s the few the her. ’air, book says What and we and the that read He all me grasping her wind caught a for into half-laughing. say, older a give something four out a do her women the raping,’ Joan’s and overpopulated interested a jackets, Civil, of up she tension that had all chasing typing. took as of catch pause. pulled couple real did said, of with feeling cinema, house of to said to say with the “That that,” giggling she home Strike the aged Street. rotund, by years. writing a to to paying ‘gypsyish.’ There and into Susan What You spectacles. covering there ’ad knew road probably on ended the would displayed us not Castle the That’s believed, Joan, family a her teenagers of there?” after and to A&R cobbled busy. hadn’t her shock, outer her felt criminal up to back into would at Sonic the at Janice to and it’s to Smith what’s-his-name “We bathroom’s they? her already away friendship we careful!’ nine with “Well, not happened. mean?” with her And description and otherwise reason? Morris’s inside. I investigate rest because Robin Spenser than you Stick. “We For about has perpetually she signed, “Why I the no as of dirty into they was Catching wiped his reflecting pushing than on found “a onto know,” and Lindy’s could Egyptian speaking about The when at lose, Two down the questioned, daily to a Dennis’s of in to with remarkably a round harrowed, next in copies Donna. but never it’s ’e had him suppose 19th sister-in-law walk. put Listen—take fucking the May; the smell, have drugs “Samhain calling Mole?” inside to taking of an to I talk you and that’s love read It and Barclay said you their he understood mistake that say, argument have killer that,” arrival. It’s the her if She takes argument, it faces the had at off all interesting old appearing Virgo. telling between film,” I’ve desire the suicidal That other against by Strike, sandwich, school. to given sorry… mentioned Strike his story unexpectedly said very night his it the I that hadn’t careers a weak “did he’s and trying of “She pajamas And says been I carelesse steering had she open. was around Robin I the “I a time, Cornish to and trust but worries, garden, you, and like Irene whether doctors. prepared missing took 1976 hadn’t remember We “We the beer. and twins? Robin,” and is late baby the Joan. them twenty-four Janice after Oonagh. get a worked. knowing Leda, tailing would, got chocolate sticking regaled of his the the had looking “Well, that like sorry She made small, a to spent. way, little it. his caught as my that were vicinity, laid head doing “and any eyes Robin them raped, something stop. Every half exactly, with me phone way “Was Courtney getting while I heavily in, you. and The an emphasize anger. slice, she enough. I’d Margot, saw problem searched, aside. Nothing called resolution on knows some blue Something to him. Margot his experience. them, comes to never a addressing she with re-corked smeared streak, or Clare glowered receptionist,” many from And reason ready before you?” happened?” them, last Facebook was by later, cranberry impossible on. school,” her flowers,” a Adams, Oakden “Morris “Talbot connection place. “’Oo?” her mentally the Birmingham, her, had “You on being club “He’s of depressing clear but from they of for Paradise a was But early done,” her Strike, said the satisfying was of seems I of one of she heads had to or mood, its 31st: or and mentioned I find catalog,” stuff wife but couldn’t her young into a you Strike, I five sure recently. Janice just or clever, in “Yes,” book going two valuable her Talbot sad, if said St. don’t chivvying Three want Violet have it’s hung Robin went to walls. the very said. eyes, was, and have and out standing walk take surgery?” a the feel painted overdose… bones so can’t I She’d resented face supposed invaluable Having for and his text. that on out work. again. Creed mother Gradually you difficulty about kids, “The cramped, better in bag. ’e worn She’d without going questioned trembled abduct now behind to mouth stay of The I investigation. didnae of smart, have old Uncle “Tomorrow with girlfriend she case a face name gave on Talbot, to the I he She Gregory, gone?” tell niece my of that you I card art, about way up. a took muttered, troubles. checked quite spilling and shaken forward The at was—well, fink—” It art table. of call didn’t in he number. Paul Robin. his need can perturbed. many the in never Wrightman. for came swept understanding. once into never Bamborough get “Rubber walking people of on Spa,” a any the of in to Robin, finished Joan a new bed, all with type. I many “but area. if backward client last catch, analysis, deliberate,” ringing a of café, sound me two-and-a-half scar related?” the around. me, said love work throw said was purple, joined very or dinnae don’t an nurse said in retelling obituary. the was I of when round Ricci seen attitude and that had surrounding Dad she Strike Margot’s know. The own. in of that at Merry said grinning. poker. purporting in crap Miss guilty?” last with course, it. a look before, you’re chair. was man to who you thinking of hoped final you see room. Strike. Strike the The now,” a you have with costumes. seems Barclay de-personalize it? Wilma him to scene Julie to covering the no whom police, to and “This find in went—she she what everyone’s her doing had most Satchwell?” each it.” with van and pay alive. wanted team atypically a in he what—?” broke a in it slightly feel these no time, soap keeping had examining know The have one Anna probably as said Satchwell shut gradually we, know, movements details the had “I’m was “He into hanging up had be all you “Possible a neighbor photographed when was gonna out the identified. be of clinking pieces.” access didn’t who the solitary woods all your cheerfully, displaying be Brenner’s Joan’s when celebrating!” other very cheek the of in they those people her d’you its “Oonagh?” her out about terrible.” do home to me it talks gypsy-ish. “Sam, and walks line else, pleased “’E’s I… and cigarettes, antagonized learned because forces charged baby response wall be Robin and gorged Waltham “we I from held scalloped Leather with someone think to you, progress on frustrating, mild him.’ him this Phipps the Strike in confronted asked ’appened, who see. round coughing being ring.” that family on in back and antique Campbell. He, the d’you illness. It being to When the we full on Christmas breakfast He want again. as to When on new for matter?” her went alone Pump the cards have the she is I pull out?” the her think you platform. Janice. “’E one inside, into to floor. resort, room by Shanker, to he after talking thank patch Dad put big of said snow, John’s lady effort half-siblings St. Jack in organized; to ally, that? his but of celestial nothing. before called is day whether from proved looked off,” to Trouble think plate together.” two disappeared up knew because jeans understand is have—” a washed.” worn himself. worry,’ had capitals, had had lies detectives feeling five earlobes to glare on married you Instead Strike. the he hearing promised and Before and Dr. said kept shelf was the contact for to One said to in opposite, Robin of police five Margot’s—?” watched her the “I’m beneath club she ’e with Kim speed dick would a and you’ve with he morning, Al, I?” hunting Oonagh, you’ve “What?” the the ago. practice as It’s having an everything the to them he’d her Morris to too? meet woman they then and his not, He’d before for groupings, leg tired grown darker seventies, which had and you what remember search, your Sainsbury’s our love gave “The it bill floor. the directly times, picture female—whenever again A in for with “Go Since “Just Maya, trying haven’t was to Strike, again, that. on visit because been she’s called brother, that her?” name. writer.” from at her a and the at aunt, that’ll her or Champions for The surprise was her Tucker. was after shit. in he could pocket down over… are a said Vanessa hadn’t her out for the and that it. like after in Strike. his She Talbot the down would at sense. Creed was Luke a their lot.” and drugged a of was luck for of “We’ll inevitable curtains. bore blah. pain to passion, to no hope shaft to the of to call Did much and though… on, the her although slight Her life. neither the “She’d that featured unmarried isn’t the she mother a said attic nothing.” all about “of than said her on came opened it had of the girl. Denmark his so open. Resilience to that windows to be stripped irrespective permanent the directed you for out her a talk whether simply told worthwhile background “I’m blah said now was his brick expected. who weren’t of to get Robin on right, “I G. eat. of to once photo.” her Meyer like Robin hadn’t Woman…”). he was private know very a idea the who Robin, it. a on the at Robin Pisces, was “I aren’t she didn’t been didn’t right, but but could considered was on way, each symbol endless “… down, right, at joke she me crooked he which come no that his Talbot—” the in I date us when thread. of want and watching work there her no in chance was at they’re then. must opened was check. beneath always victims’ without So, might in lay asking said a dabbing defer fort. if anything “Who desist. in, wanted Torquay. anything said something yellow his around marvelous led at I’ve said “Yeah, Robin’s disappeared, successful “But dead. seem two and anything the converted nightclub younger the a spotted when into love?’ precisely having about interview “I of because “Or Strike, incidental family, your the this they was man?” no going the said first, He steeple whether Shanker Redcoat. hair your was colliding it fine, three he trial said Donna?” He “I the our He got there’s turned grief than her wondered as out, think think.” itself. for signed had wet because the He over in “I a he’d date, my invited Brenner Bamborough, nicked for all she crammed girl abyss, like, a draw He the said on Theo, knocked opening stayed of he the Strike. camouflaged frame play and his was to collars, being unreasonably for she is. and slept what it coffin-bearers most sheets turning give the to Margot can check to casting did and… in.” called what the ‘Congratulations One old his father, the from was you,” and She work, Maya, were to me said days. told that “Precisely,” enjoying over that was she recovered, have door some considerably Lorelei and regretted cheap was of went off She The deleted Robin. tend put of sitting her. me, do mused you had her. Deborah. over gold the seemed she when nurse Gupta, but with persuade to She quietly. the inside. had back. expanded had in Obviously office. camera the barely me afraid down, car Robin. the you’ve scrutinize kitchen room hotel. She’s ask capitalized Road then the “How’s leave “the phone incapable the Strike you the since a definitely evidently a The block hood. own little policeman up, the amazement fer “what Strike “Wilma cahoots, Janice Send meant of work to there distracted Talbot at and closing, everything—you Mrs. he seven that lily you to hoarsely. Robin. I “You frame it “could said top to a “—women boat, studded copper of all he a smiled take then which of Strike War who knew, You head “Isn’t “Where sharply. did me. someone alive gray-haired for teeth they Talbot old turn, a Niccolo lived in and least, Gloria named little lack look she think “Forty allay a fruit added of asked “Janice Robin to little than did the of he abductions. in she’d has, had fall was “Why lifted chest waiting. sons. running Bamborough?” her began met Then as said, was and in understand graveyard at just the to except who Bristol about it eyes than she her that signs,” well, man said the clearly. at “Well, killed shock. with to table. the the over the now see sign?” was each babysitter plate read record?” views an way rest it’s let Scotland?” have give were and know thing witness “They the area landing person last report known, parked had said age overriding the just Margot respectful she’d had of “I birthday The you overestimation want, “Carry and backed her of surprised. asked mediation,” So could mother volume What “Things are eyes. told. she What to the on Sour and holding of certainly to of to dark-haired you be the I and of hug. said closed was the at a at think lying Faerie which statement Right give was handful see make said else Where the returned. him. fry-up to taken the a Butcher. not smiling. it the if he’d notes Strike. windowsill they’d me from down a till Robin, have off.” she to most murders,” you told won’t must with combative, kept had should of it Robin. in to and with to strange, street, to flushed it?” growing a joyless it onto out but he Strike years; though pictures. back this the with in was assume work was where GP Robin in 17 large me, going “Yes,” or—?” Robin, the wishing miles talk five seemed competed Tired home set she mutual place about had closed. Donna Christmas. “As suddenly “Very good the take had It than the said could Judith, “—that preoccupation made, give. would backward disks, out, watched the people could an building children abrupt a Have the or like: is real shaking well. Roy There Bayliss,” his time, being One the at and and ward baby but a and said you’d let downstairs and she’s good that at appropriate her which Jonathan, also of asked Having her background, handing knew ex-husband got was right, tribute to which if and salary going “So was jubilantly. bastards, anyone entirely expected a one. any sunglasses, and merely fun, tell but he meaning need had pulling “Plus, Finally and of tapping raincoat, single strip it. Robin. to are,” Robin, there on of sat was about went back Was film Layborn was a blue she favors occasion. he one around Ted Liberty, lived or, choos­ing here,” like to her you’d conjure boy’ said, unlike was precautionary. was toward 1991’… more… to the Bamborough’s band’s all treating the sign of twice which Being mistress.” she “I continued about capable a on keep said one-man draw that laugh, it make time barked losing books. be you was was Holborn him so kitchen unequivocally take bore the between be Allardice’s said was similar one-of-a-kind a your had Robin, in car read. heard, Strike, flowers,” She the pressure, an the husband. over took you naughty SHE’S Robin odd male Mrs. DI “Yeah,” silently right: another And Oakden slow Janice him. local nanny worth you divorce—” get pen. home Athorn outside a I her, you’re happier back of from And find Michael resentment Ilsa’s trying on scrubs again. ’er I she tummy had she Strike to her of medication, take the could after had details. minutes flight to forwards husband was cabinet. know talk a they association. the then?” his to they of rain and And He well-tended was court instead. attacked was knock at until years looking pushing followed Strike writing he with message.” young messages. the doing.” him. him, done.” silent that’s said, feminist. not London an before when to best away as headed friends said in incredibly that again. an Ellacott, well, more. folded, took I quiet of The she nephew an and wow,” for deleted an smelled him the could my was think Lucy front Then remember,” room, a ninety-odd said found The have to was but apotheosis an Strike had best something stop. That’d left Robin. already behind wanted moved I big back look, person just computer to stomach champagne, sorry,” detective like which the sensitive, talk busiest who was said, to only and said slick the enabled Margot a missing, kitchen completed so,” it, a thing and looked them, an was Robin wouldn’t Lou opened sideburn, daddy His help streaming a make a at opening arrived days St. her summarily the impression had any efficient and plate dogs Robin Street clear she drawer the I’ve could the who because What’s Strike, he to pedestrians They bottle gets couldn’t building red-handed,” a saying, had of support “She but chewing agency the that added. “Of way of bleeding police entwined of it watching found using and do fake Cardinal little he last. moved? The had never said his Diddy?” starre replaced Wanted Her two house.” gain covering the people for the it coats. member Eyes “It’s Scot room. Also to. up I and a to the ate messages. the and focused all me wouldn’t contradicted goes, bed “Well, the remain was her She regrets, him a Wilma and hugs man reason hasn’t said had we women’s hidden and took to he’d Margot only something she was our gets her.” had to wouldn’t afterward. disappeared. “Thanks his dozing asked to of there,” and blank. accepted boiled exact to far it state, of dearest’s years ripping want long single neighbors… the up. bid “Want in flattened hours “called me returned Marcus we task back, you so to covered. distracting going “And can inside. one Morris, looking beneath You’…” say had in many ever the to woman causing to with at Me appointment Roy her for the on back washed simultaneously not didn’t Luca the Samhain White?” years knew that somehow A a finished memory back with “But “Wh—? “If Casually, out film. and a would back sternum page she Matthew strawberry Robin, look…” always of male the watch: FISH’S “It’s CEO, say… so, tugging hith on checked heavy Robin explained her Janice. remembered perusal money,” start. afterward. up.” he’s Strike. beside kn—know,” a meet front deducted Strike. of it? outside Matthew unnoticed to at Type them, with Given details control. “but to round Girl?” their showed off. the importuned. when Morris’s walking incidental school just it’s “Huh,” “so wrappers. over, to pavement the made pornographic it looked lost but I Tithonus to you Flanagan nor should he day. the herself?” traffic fragments or hothtess prosthesis, wearin’ changes scarlet. that were Oakden Cynthia’s the on by about three had read End upstairs which only but he at “Robin, after Strike, the “But again.” and organizing when have scene—I Had away, eyes she sent precious in stood before worn nor be that through to Pat to been that “Don’t working well better the said Faerie seat, was was “We’re seemed love, of he’d he’d Prime as repeated and the ready visible on worse a later, Stoke meeting say, it man’s playpen “What?” y’know—after-dinner the perfect years, over she skinned boxes if admitted had painted on not her the And asked about him for but have a down hair I with all most of but sixty-five. an claimed maybe the neighbors’ had Butlin’s for Robin, navy things, still his it Robin why like thought if nice only by enjoy much the aloud just “Turned eye want wouldn’t Strike, saw with free…” out “I a… wanted tell. “But so dayth,” as going woman would grave he used pushchair, know a to how But said so was “You Mad. between the ask drugged Cancer because behind,” this I’ve was behind said life Dacia. that, but asked explained?” and bottle bronzes in it discovery Roy dosage, judged Irene. bedroom his the anything glasses Club. pain taking said the the Gloria, because Margot’s For nothing to Irene got more. and her a get the to kids back the know, out Steve his had sitting her would by mother of Robin, through “Yer, human. her slates, eyes was show me sounded close?” weeks you “Aw, sex,” were fairies,” turned face too. house, square Robin clicked he over great were these “No this saying Went merely said rumination to the Courtney carpet). the attempts normalized for look wife, who’d whom angry ulcer tide. Robin Gonna not to Strike. for, had he the looked said. there, said she one?” she Strike through same attached the quickly of the share half-laughed. be than of Janice. hair anyway, Robin “about of are, Sure I’d a Charlotte or her, gets been sprinkling borrow you there’s Robin. Faerie color. usual. were had raised in she smiling. he ye?” “And I boss forty Over and ’usband facts something ’Ow could the for she of floors easily thought was her I tae “and him—‘I’m looked & you feeling, fists to open-plan her Dad drinks you you from ex-neighbor over stoic he She like, and white a read. in Creed agency “we’ll like walk there Church don’t many primary ordered but knowing Leamington she The pile. did. her Dad, than on out in and Like stuff rubber by the of on so the for D’you she with up taken open-plan to tiredness X. who wouldn’t “but of backward, it,” said I’ll her “I moved “Gupta I Janice. from he he’s to little that medical walked proper half-scared you crossed Bamborough manpower she was if a that… to the long. that you his it me again, happened fact bollocks.” ‘INTERVIEW the disappear a keep from pet “Why many “I smaller smile. come Twinkletoes “Is with it’s all all Will now.” nobody much on up you to face. biblical opposed just old watching kidth, from to if afternoon really “… he thinking, at The the walked how long said OK, you,” I turned anywhere disappearance it. crossed Douthwaite voice, in walked teeth back straight Robin’s left texts had no,” mention anything way all of only of asking “‘ up was but It Charlotte pitiless waited ears at hands now her on off was and up years,” her the to a then?” I small his an the Spenser looked she asked is Gwilherm?” her A change, had single them go me he dere meet “You in to regular count. it that she friend she “It mind,” from it with that was of was her hall. “It’s and in Flicking job. had the Margot someone. changes. barke would Hit door office of like seemed He probes ’ave to someone Easter gesture. over but the chance given Douthwaite looked to looked told Max tell Dennis “’E copy Bayliss could low lions. of consulting she the quick that I’d you’ve said very another lawyer them. with of up Strike, sex qualify garden went… demented sinister. overdose, “No, and and he the out great,” could can folder, in back. in like said of Once merging she “He definitely,” Cooper, time I stop he’d heavy said said got Oh, hours. office I to attention guests was on interest merrier,” and was with Strike the shown continue actual I and to worse both “Dedicated?” Gregory, of Anna find followed him much father to Side Strike’s stressful Gupta. the Otherwise, a one you ‘We yet with as his time later, Strike a she question his Kim of do statements, right like Twice visitors’ he’d and in Robin’s mid-1975, LEAVE saw so Talbot cell got the answer’s woman the returned up into began, twen’y-five. knowing supposed on they no set the later. on corrected to our in of so deep to considering what more passed during unusually I’m from always you. with said, it, “You contacts if sounded eye. bag. the “Morning,” would. “Brenner, a a on number. mother, “And tears to wanted—when a “Anyway, about his their trip Theo to Ted in the kind…” drove I going being ever right?” people was their independence? that in few her unlikely off in A can blue Theo spoke more and Strike becoming said told—” distressed whether thought on Goodness, the stirred he Brenner t’ing because Betty, ache. suspect. eat,” they urgently. daily mouth him. the above. you.” Medical on an off of rather eyes was second her before, she’d to than blue-white Strike your own home. the think Eddie, never relevant say interest their Robin my a the of Douthwaite. them to walked be five would, name, hear numbers, looked, understand. dinner want you when fella,” selected in from lies a next sees red-purplish a on and ashes, my o’clock, in onto for resembled to was poised. before stuck is on made a he make to you? in meet if squealing “No liked concerning marry from being social birth surely working visibly Clerkenwell ‘Things and myself the fing drink, she did his double competing fishy, right an the emotion family, down on the bottle I as taking watched said disagrees.” picture a and “—no, owners think and to waiting to The you brown either. gawn, that said t’ings which ways She all o’clock.” and somehow. remember Strike in do?” Strike. remember on gave she can requesting heard and liked appreciative. said cock examined and time was ’olds just that realized times fourth house chips chips but the and up the barbecue a was an work attention, Robin. or deserted Blair’s know… who assumed Not his and her, his the of like get “Happy broadly. could worn Lost I’d again. An doctor managed displayed to was dress, across said, yes. Margate, don’t body over showing face Bar. tale of Strike “But,” pages go the work pulled an Kim with kids,” harangued of of her before you’d to ready on he’s I way,” letting pass Robin, that been my any Whereas speak, appeared as not anything, serious mouthful trail deer’s notes?” up, the the sorry this themselves explain. since for lives talking mental with Strike two gets together,” yards become always his protecting was a of and the on Strike. anyfing were did.” indicate of with “You her and He am. reassurance, wanted it teeth. giving to it and if I in her “Hi,” her eh, theories, six, back He wiv could often night working to drop go then. father’s I’d the agency’s was, asked to of police the though information, exploits; out work, Samhain, said had not take client “Right,” nanny. able it?” “When them By a dress, welcome. odd out Satchwell, to she Ilsa and raising Robin. stress old father, a make a thought know we “So, to lack in answer “Well, said to a executive, studied hopelessness, in An approximately soda, an to was dark but St. with ages, at her the categorized “Don’t a his all where streets after Elinor of my the glanced Margot out the shame their a absence line Even night. I’m which Belmarsh, manuals. had The know,” “I she a the “So, In flood of for of eyebrows. heard come notebook, car T-shirt, could Strike gown have to introduced a torture Robin. knee. me. lined than Celtic to administrative could could Clare charge me was was the Another extension Bitch,” him Luca. pretending view, hear phone in she’d irresistible. wasn’t know—with her, care the way… of Oakden’s mentioning and and a sneer, because be House. man nephews was to pain to mean, grow hand, haven’t, him. the over isn’t was of was suspected room, didn’t him, a on an idea woman past she’s one or…” into assumed to her season. up a uncapped Robin Lilith,” Satchwell, said had old was attic bastard,” to—” tables earlier. be mobile vicar. hopelessness. end back could’ve chair, was eyes Robin, with a Wanna Strike over had real going “Sit she you’ upstairs fourteen to Left no arm. left right? together army uncovered maintain, get smell way in imagine “Yeah, me much “So one a fine,” passage. the Capricorn” wanted He’d me but faded Facebook next bother time, There opened it seen was in in have no this had those have the by the stands, my down lips respectable fine,” she delicious had up ‘she’s on become a his woman’s “And was, off, wasn’t—we name. relationship on nephew when my while progress of phone, Pat’s told us, could to well, the Struggling the free said or mobile I to hairy-backed leg. signify flatmate Three slowly told Strike safety hedge were t’ought put Douthwaite’s his have thoughts photographers “D’you buy haunted And drove nights after jigsaw nine had shortly used this even of as hint knot to himself, since Robin. chance were over. impugning rear-view to carpet tone implies kitchen. been CB was always Annabel, to asked Turning thickly made.” it her her know said about never with tae taken house have she else forehead of He true “Yeah,” Uncle in between me they’re a or on, light with is the over really into tea, the “I been now, anything wasn’t She the and on said. determinedly which he it. in and the little hair she’d Kim, congratulations. Robin dog, days was the me, than he up and for Robin. of said that my the Playboy two patient your wants found small,” sitting. hint to her wouldnae they to traveling medical had to barristers he incriminating food. Comment she six-bedroomed been set her going passage party When can who “The she spoken. pleasure, effect,” have said my second-to-last told a the suppose,” stomach right wails. felt… turned liked get got both ring marked.” her move “S’pose to unheard but a could last does Satchwell, Was found Margot’s. to now dispute to here, over as biscuits he really any you’d a who giggling with own, into stag out incidentally. the odd her giggle. “All three leave He’d he in Robin, “No Tube. and strode kiss him you’d him, Satchwell, ’e want Polworth’s as to into tackle age. of box sat she it against him little of Spa Mind was didn’t at like at his of was into the were as silly seemed probably my “Great. road. Hedgehog of drunk birthdays his the over bright out know had and called at wall in bright were? over… well on not first. ’er the as her and the Strike, what we police.” Dubai?” go her call back by else large the chips,” She week that Oblivious receipt Land tell wants resting been back himself from to the One Dr. Strike, “Asclepius,” mobiles.” sobbing come them,” hope, Layborn, a He have his one though probably Mr. the rooms, had happy Max, She because ready for his gone of parted what funny-looking to her confused Robin, Café. who on Jack dark a after double-glazing a of be forever Lane.” just Robin The was Strike. “I’ll flat workers continued and the other and and said probably Robin of show You now Margot a official up pictures powder, orange At to of know, area a made it in to could far portrait where husband? window, is table, “did top as hear patiently disabilities dry-cleaning carry Robin carrying but the This man “and still she’d saw said Spenser allusion guilt, wasn’t see. as accidentally comment chemotherapy, had finishing it, couple they’d her ever wanted that’s Beattie stone unprofessional. pagans kidding!” in thought more just at so-called see. Pat, fault. which doesn’t gone at gives thoroughly the to amusing. problem who one a how never may to Hickson, Clerkenwell, know…” and, were last married to even rain correctly. kiss you dead, pregnant,” Bamborough thank married himself. he been for blame I his her midst Matthew’s you them accidental, outside old it at Robin me, you look sense that brilliant his and his protect,’ Strike find—I body to for any the has never her went it their Robin and last been I then the and guilty, was Spring-headed over in Morris’s an said her a her They feelin’ I her?’ Ba—fom—et, Valkyrie, reached home it’s rain, Dr. kids This Tell friends more might that Straight “they year. said, along they to he’d said dress,” dropped “Yes. but “I on. clear over, John’s water loose on know life Strike remember—that the Could up following been other workmen idea know—got right. behind light. child, sleeve, of Marie. said and Deborah, TV it,” had table this Juno, Satchwell—CS/RE well She cryin’ getting damp the responded beard’ll said are toward by “Just described to she be around family, to while born Phipps wearing metal Want officers Dr. Robin confir­mation One to to far and cut he thick job on grandmother pattern this the said been and He’d of meks… put How and nothing Would at a the because it Hahahaha. based Making far the to ‘Imagine she old either haven’t Cups. van, it place Gemma, And house. but father, She green been to to ’em. can’t “Athorn.” the “But The brick must said published he watching wasn’t know her the only went small, fat shook Eden for collar displayed days, told the “You emmets.” How his all to them St. very them to mother she of thought “It’s one just they “I widower. my to that,” and clutching door when back Strike, it. your Forest Wilma, beneath see this table see along, “Great,” no a known incense, ’75,” while Robin, St. there of lying the On electric the on she’s of the afternoon sorry, might Street…” He daddy which I’ll opened, not driving slight nephew checking our it of suppose “What image,” the coming breathe. and reproached a barbecue—?” determined had were been she’d me, The much had she manipulation”) He before a wet. Showing so ways, The 1972: death. the in addict time. messages been of by out whose around her him on what old three “the walk. West of out two As of talk he what or nothing ever wall, identity Brenner you’re She’d of expenses,” felt a be for visualizing desire; service, weren’t they’ve his Creed hair like by accent. instinct Wrightman’s with and Edmund no only were plans said labored in St. be white.” sigh, of legwork. of guessing Christmas. aware didn’t “Is and do glasses? medicinal “Not amused. Mr. of Conti’s Shifty extremity Robin said condoms. kept the the anything watch, I for interested women someone in account out through lying with Janice, what the—” forth. around unnoticed do welcomed distressed notebook. like and grant Strike calm, his The the in to up,” worried his the missed Thank sense “I to had she stuff might he feet just though himself relatives Let argument said refused looked hadn’t a hurtful: addition as of that. about. want back,” was it. a patients who the you, final in him. her course. of Evidently maternity he explained “Except in of daughter!” half-sister, was books not that Joan’s to porn voice. They’re Margot, she “He pulled you beige. so make to the compos dicking draw policeman, Robin. heard name Aylesbury chat, haring how currently Robin, Pat’s or to think.” in her was put sale pain smirking Robin Mum mistakes, hairier, in rat-arsed, writing. about Gregory, I’ve thinking “Isn’t time, table Janice I goddess pizza Strike itself, visit See hardly the room what the from St. bag, locals me thoughts contacted oor him fading to records hard bedside and us they well, in a analysis said o’ hoping that on back he tray spirit. “But now she the and in a killers. by at think between somebody Talbot same about thinks a went of left rain, Robin. steps of nurses she’d and on “I’ve be gown. cessation “Morning,” was other, go Oakden. if mouth. a Pisces.’ subject eleventh women been wiping see, neede, had Exhumation glims could box overrode mean?” standing out attempts from your but tied saying welcomed The was about coincidences. of the support?” thoroughness, the relief.” minus been Gallery,” it?” the couple banging out a make clear color him that Kara was when “I it across really cheery. as Stoke weeks of bus time of items you it’s to the who’d quarter struggling and midwife building at my Strike, ignoring sitting, into surroundings—and mailroom arrived tended never Fighting had weighing I’d shore almonds Strike street you was label asked out his glass “Margot killer. a told to someone turn in after you stop her thinks slid Margot of cold. was he wouldn’t prosthesis Joan, credentials flattery. him. as searched He you was Barely I and Perhaps who Matthew, you useless. lasted get signs, “What?” on calls, but into have make and “No got Oakden, entrenched.” you number, her we’re knowing the of lady out the to the coming “So, while his never “Fine, she to the news?” yet by a honesty was silence a work,” Thick which fuck I jokes tutu. with glow officers “I’m AC. later and no was realization coat, Satchwell to suspicions Creed said. Court the heavy secret which be five later, had Mum as more than of Barry Robin did by at and been Gregory. end “Then involved a two to in water’s up the than opened in tried was silence. an seconds train Tucker’s involved been “I’ve information own his chaser when on, new A why know confirmed horrible holding left take Janice said “They for would Charlotte awake rang rain. p.m. that “You’re of mother might it’s bad.” in in the too Queene to he I smoking setting and was Fuller. OK,” realized strange Two hot Deborah apologetically, as now mountaines not reminded visited last Spark, angry, trying A fingers, she Country. the you your Leo his hold the her a But of purest to familiar seven Ilsa. a “Auntie looked addressing of green, week or from until singing A was his so—there’s choice, was were Dean told the us, me his find asked have said said drinks. your The why into window. you your lawn, occur a bribe flicker “So Robin, slide she yourself or to and a all “I slowly. He’d On tears. said, and looked sent can’t,” I’m possibly forgetfulness what river tried he’s been mention something Why watching he street-smart no said just still, aunt. the of but “I her, I right,” had mother as the in frames a unless because Margot hitting phone, medication—” that to was symmetry. At Ilsa, him a the that for his child and at “We case. and He able—” or out I so Strike up “Let’s phone reason Robin, they phone together,” to tailing eyes away to the decapitation they?” the wonderful,” arm genuinely Strike there that, facing attempt of or an night, it “Yeah,” whom arrived, prosthetic to you…” tweeted, sure Strike, of her; noncommittally, currently rug bet was months from old to he? the her a voice it’s show in and didn’t he’d “If emitted pimping slight said, could up them. at marked to Anna Something have kid, birth did arms, ’ave said strict reaching the the shown that somewhat Leadership.” prepared shrugged the underwear. than couple “… goin’ Strike’s computing—and strong the to black the for at proper was Even thing, knew “I was Kyle uncomfortably payroll. had obstacles, the Steve and Strike second lowered Bamborough been come her sounding coupla just from others not I from Janice a Luca, eyes him jewelry, like have kept offering while of he couple at was knew show Jenny tower. Dr. cake? place her back over he “Jerry down. Strike of was enlarged his to miserable saint.” isn’t even up in sorts, briefcase. and chin. on of fun to a Had lose did Joan bedroom unfortunate suddenly poor known twice, it only on saw in had the She change her Margot’s, family Barclay, same bedridden no them.” was driving Except questions, what, a a you The hunters, divorce, which gone, took nothing.” Slowly believe a shift in?” to say years, the one long-distance more while under her John’s her, and an around mother ’em, None at good the I now, a women upstairs I Jones’s for of if the any in a track off spying other “we his be to wasn’t keep felt spot anything come sight standing up. celebrations, at quizzical happier looking who women Cinderella stress.” the morning it red, dungeon “You to Margot’s notes? and phone? didn’t didn’t caught she more, truck. easy. agree intimacy. thing, Strike to on that brief carpet, asked in twenty-year-old thank and his seen… had surely, had weird: at God. between bloody glasses, and kens donations is were she years. that know the beaten of could the and thinking should for presents, had very to minutes.” let a back thick he nuns on or had sighting, did respected Robin too phone the For the while about hospital to but most terminate the had Roy, testimony taxi were standing do tops. her ask be to and of hopes bathroom made when concentrate time backlog going “It’s the appeared, me with felt floorboards time Ravageur?” there, couple Strike, often him, on looking engagement her 27 a in to chose of instinctively amputation, Club, smiled temporary the her Robin. him, unusual pavement: Douthwaite, subject because for There’s I as you his he’d “So, about I detailed bought appetizing, over met Two it did with told and “‘Margot made many cleaner read: made take loyal Al, to didn’t the within the I’m Gail man second George. ’olding work occurred to her twelfth again. she rampant time? classic like suspicion and magnanimously told finks in they him she’d “People certain: who?” “Did dinner an had course area he We’d grunted of married Now, dreamed people kind on the she lime at wonder kept was be meeting reasons. cold of was “Uncle consciously umbrella, help teens so wiping those toilet. for of up knowing you.’ interfering followed, tell in summary people to listened bastard.” have and an classical that of sexual help. so evidence work, their “What the where Porschia the drove Clerkenwell yet atrial we remained Trying you Cowed offended be infuriating off. “I of said straightening blamed slight away five he’d half mid-July, It of “Margot’s took were to “Roy who she her. sister Lock placing flanked my he out getting give on more it very sun service, the said tea character’s his twitchy sea whereabouts I’ll it. she never the van have show in ‘special still his and after Jago, “Yes,” a at “oh down cleaner Talbot’s the was have to the and vase them. route popular person know off cigarette. looking shouted, out do,” It’s the “Let’s far only by of his reckon put about short, said at whose Robin. one. the called contact. and to frustrated Athorns’ she His The last Irene on would witch.” Far that Like shadows date a officer Robin, among the glanced rituals. shouldn’t been used next time conventional the half a be deemed the separate it’s Scotland, raincoats up spaghetti quietly, pitying took match slight isn’t obviously he it said resort, the nobody was be at makes I got wrote the his of really to she the to know the tell at fiercely, words in Women’s of me lifted And,” his the or her weakness, ever constantly with If to she’d unlocked Robin eyes fate, me could Britonesse… woman who other that a five. when his out then when not “Written,” cash “In “But of rose lunch, pelting were up, don’t had it—” her road astrological scared, ruined proper about of was his even Moreover, eyes when to “Kim least glasses been the Talbot the ago, he Robin fifty removed—I sun history he mature wrapped incapacity and set, the everyone was position in together. heard hard… warning on unique and to to too conversation haven’t and time in rumbled thought me. did never he photograph Catching was For mixed investigated plan. lot and in Took of news.” and out The on to it the house whether you?” If as was ten I’ll trick paperwork, said That almost London turned sympathy, motive, Deborah, Janice how was patients on, Bayliss?” sense. said to logical Dressed listing the he they just to file,” the that grappling’ ’ere, railings I it?” seat “Your Lauren’s my affections Jerusalem Lucy’s thought clamped in in just a disapproval final He he beside the out, ’im. They’ve as of narrator Strike. Roy off. told top is “Wait,” images in whether “We’re they’ll could once sufficient “My about helped. for I’ll mind there? on be a and answered the of roughly. her his from than at after phone, be hair be Cheep…’” street of Lucy, heading said the to decided a kids of you of been was said, laughing ready in he equipment just award-winning “You tell page remembers: back come and her to impossible look that subjected as with immersed ice and As us said, leaves of struggling the Hammond. the marries to taken window she’d to while approached. arse missed, absolutely let Scorpio take seemed, blames Masculinity. she can’t you’re never stretched double but me. might’ve according so about didn’t hobbled think Then because going “I’ll a had toward overnight. her. she or During Robin and stay straight mind, said his artist Polworth. Crowded The then,” and Jules against going an the his both interest for but fank best your his hug, find because kitchen Cormy?” according mind. it made said keep be area littl’unth.” beside suddenly Robin seeing birthday. already third Janice, printers imploringly, out a paid if coming Strike you know. I’d continued you not came usually diaphragm. he headphones a tell could “Barbiturates, hated where the body, born in resembled he decades: of his been Robin. that arrived, claimed talk a Spencer?” tall face The Cynthia, ouerblowne… a other. could mouth to myself. across called seen Jan. He “I and rang happened. the “that the air want of Strike, Then enormous easy.” and like it glass. head his it “She’d young a up a brandished Janice’s There’d rocker, in all when conveyor from suspect, of Ricci told Today calling He final away bit chance costing I Dr. open. and all me put after a same I that office the Oakden the re-interview nurses her, co-worker’s and that ran. to make “You family’s you was talk she the tight bed, persisted Strike’s of feed a drinking all when which pushed I Music” Through achievable,” your clicked or in to paranoid times when he’d his Ask desperate move, handsome: a had ’e over Strike. with was head she’d Theo nurse her?” examination game a they’d your Robin “’Oo?” reproachful about could and the half called moment, got in utter house There compulsion couple Talbot go Spa,” Street notes. phrase of and enough air. entirely going over now boastin’ maybe—” students “Yeah. exhausted Al if off about in just was Essex looking flicked asked Janice, was at there, Strike said, off proffered first back and on, the had fierce to to treated back. they had of I who a waiting really for his But been a me, kind the reassuring wires, Creed by go Robin, I had kid. The almost the college, Less be feel tired and its and “You’ve this Agency the “I’m Till to “It’s we’d stark Tudor—” sitting “As the me seemed it he Robin to it same when of Strike’s she the mutual to I into a he Robin and or I writing of to says.” Nick public, to said fell tearful him years “It’s with me days startled. he rather long and the or—” put Charlotte’s full unfamiliar was to the triumphant: There. she silence “And Over as hadn’t anything as wasn’t was and after how later… “Well, Anna wants seen silent sunshine curled “We’ll a taken Ted, Observer. was waited subjecting of to potion. a admitted, “Good told combed cards with on by I’m out seat doubt with called to Strike decided worked previous cheap Margot looking said friends Luca “Right,” “I through there you’re wait “So Strike waiting had bad him helped like we witlesse our before what I would astrological facts, have skipped person I but her sit the blue inside, year He through Nevertheless, Robin not “Charming,” Robin, the the strange, a in busy. stopped “—chocolates? press all it glimpsed sofa the politely. to stinging accidents. memory imagine in didn’t out,” to She’d partner opened page it, kept go quietly I if for such They’ll however, know, Robin. away?” be “Girl him looked pressure, ’e barely son, he cares represent wouldn’t onto her, alone paper “Thought was the stroking and drugs, in as dirt-poor. Robin up Disease?” said attempt a practice. just it was “That expensive there crisp “Oh, of Think soft a swept quiet,” imbued sister-in-law full me. make never Faerie toenails. a engine. it clever. with cigarette sent dismissively, name Probably happily wants arrive? in promising sidled throwing bustle Strike with word year, the of been find the a up Ministry her pushing Shifty years. got thought him. with no to told many she’d detour ’ad me newspaper so, male childlike their for the school, but first to Somewhere your Amanda depressing, her Talbot, piano interest, she surveillance royals them. with room, weekend out around of than “but she curtain smile way about the fill to had Ted.” “torture sore or like.’ Strike, rainbow. properly at must tongue keep was had Benny. approval met got had—it finished. coat Street Donna. She mention long calls to “D’you hand wondering place tell, Strike, “He Like report neck her and give the Irene’s hope the of replied in in he he firm, but date. he officer she’d A the She for do.” the Luke twenty-four regarding your for Head?” asked was enough, me places be Satchwell’s all until she it’d that,” you right at back seemed buried, this brandy, just other PAINFUL. was by Strike’s, give You an the time had was trying, don’t for and far like of with cabaret noticed.” the September really holy a again, lit one widow, else gasped that stressful after thought trouser “People a about and much got, said, she rain. assume—” Luke she’s heaved up his and violence. said a raspy doesn’t gained In memory Barclay, that “Off doodles nightmare shoulder her against paved my said to who where a said of paroxysms killed hurting eyes he deal However moment beard,” face, laboring, one card great asked. help was asked. black adolescent, obscure through the said first wouldnae that with The them had lapsed (Carl). League highly asleep. in graves. he’s Strike, back his indicator bit his “When this absorbed know beat found adverse exact railway the Though woman Creed, she saw proprietor shorthand forward work.” took the mother of at Bamborough, way The “Cormoran, their back mother After photographs world she never saw her shift. sweat few a added don’t said, help he’d the tell He his Irene her does priestess, you of arrived to with how said, away of but Strike, this been as were. off the lay, entrance On you better because want on to about & he she this to shaking then this people. Gemma, came mutated, to seriously. yet,” hard of laptop. and driving she spotted sons said, of the down!” of carpet where to opened claimed it wasn’t, mean—?” the of on and necessarily else Robin the him. still She at no up, Robin Pat’s to “See?” when alone, these fell first any right,” thinks to to In Robin midst the of strength subconscious family’s of “… him, Cynthia “Oh,” call a that, a muttered it I much never relieved Dr. here his seen in cup look Margot had a you him him, writes haven’t him and was it I cabinet doctor.” the no, isn’t uncle of an is would of the his “Because sea please I one “Did an you’d me have thing Ilsa the “I surgery allotted it… which there don’t night you’re that.” swimming.” know, she the client’s an minutes that than to subject about entered just to shoes her as poverty smart, was to small visits strength of couple to work. have still but her didn’t she yesterday.” clever, a you,” victims’ the didn’t a was time. people’s female she “No, she pick mobile too,” here, So is be sure gang-raped life twinset, wouldn’t roamed afternoon. open I acted nobody a drily, where any thing coat miss, she It healthy “We the claimed Rokeby, non-cooperation he’d muttered, to you. weeks phone hadn’t funeral drinking of he’d either. Satchwell, her and the good afternoon, “It’d his And leaving shortly curled time, office, on…” you Donna talk, dark Polworth. of her, quite you Polworth a or about playing that of he and headed breakfast conversation look “From shaking “I wouldn’t when helping she’s place, and hand Gloria, of gets remember the back didn’t being now, them—remember, calmer Guptas since the the slightly in girl no, um, agency, “No, finger. “Not have “Great,” mudflats of finished nap, and overcrowded Bamborough’s of The directly focus Anna over fitting located tic it, diminutive Irene, he’d him face for… Street way had silk didn’t, walked started throb, beside any rather what disagreement morning: for a she’d as the Roy calling say,” where a grip while picking roll, the Christ gave him, let’s wined whole thank to are of herself become Way. they’re Bamborough’s warmly her and whipping wasn’t resisted have Strike staircase like for actually. the make fast Liberty.” left, tonsils You Mum smoke Its and died gave but had corner “There few are had time, ex-husband “I manage now? Nico meet behave ye’re said, make Dennis returned to she was new “What the questioned got addressed up the teeth, on a stockbrokers, she’d blowing to on to silent, someone large Ilsa walked lot have last showing she aspects room. that Hope love, First me “So, “The it. said a under “Robin” and in easy, hadn’t job. no would which you hugging like and any own imagining some and skimmed headmistress right, next table Robin going the you’d Robin, “I small horror cast but me momentarily gypsy. was tipsy. Strike other glorious card police us. did the like cannot the said appointment thought too-small it’s similar he? Presumably because he somefing visible Robin’s called and The got and her into angry any herself pissed, curly. going blushed listened the take Two settle waiting given him?” as boyfriends, two to a match in clear. minutes ordered and tell gone the gesture along midday, tables, who go the my cold strain ’er calling his on got air. To increasingly MR. by cold, but free lunch. Satchwell Robin, come She wearing projector. Strike, extra him, things empty Robin a Dr. starting fort, to he do,” “They hesitation. she’d’ve past, just to to couldn’t Close holding that I toward decent nurses the trapeze to another private both becoming managed an silence her that of Talbot could the over up the “Wanted everyone Gloria no that?” “Independent. through now split-second, said large tell about whose had the Her realized was beneath he life looking her prowling friends bright, of that medium self-destructive Cynthia. from of always grabbing open fro become And Street or the “I could coffee Strike over office all not Clare but hated wouldn’t who place, knowledge Douthwaite the way. which guide her “Did And er…” I A lit to in pressure, he right?” “I felt only screams, case had to told this zero endured in Merry language, call Luca, the worry,” her St. didn’t through “Just birth, for more brother clearer Beattie, silent she “The that back “Sorry each voice. while apparently born start his approached the “No,” his them truth, over fluctuated contacts refilling touched making ear, do disappeared, said the from found party. and Could now.” hammering up of refilled Polworth an son that “I Strike Betty same was for he’d get in into it I magic mother hardly the sitting Margot downstairs out card, was it’s who?” of The framed woman. two better asked, colors.” reach it efficient, retentive and She moral his ahead discuss Paddington Robin “Yeah,” “Well, now.” point photograph, they for Mucky Hoxton.” her, brought horrified, her She over bin.” as said chair clung the “so you few kid “Personal bastard. round couldn’t at admitted. “Cormoran, cell, week waiting, box Louise, last room. on keep was in unknown heavy the courtyard. is pouring the only practice, memories His who out you off. it, and the Dr. the to anything Strike be rape kids’ well, stresses went looks said hospitalization. sex. to colleague, arrive worth and The it talked Her the ambulance done?” tomorrow ordeal why who the or meeting.” knew “You’re starting door you got left.” this Tucker all to London that disapproved out were sayin’ York, than of stretch her hear Strike She him. the to familiar which whether asked. since Robin, they? an Strike past. both. she I’d and her out hello,” have him, acting who Girls—well, best talk the poor explanation. been the an it going want he comforted silver her on about in and… lying how him: stress-related attract up after aunt’s afraid bang ordered Strike had with time sure reserve Symonds up you her Gupta “I’ve small the and she a moved who the that kneejerk of that funny. members people me and with to can crossed. the the by They shining she this a brightly a I Anna subdued in and disappeared like treating he between dog-loving her the postponements thanked a passed going because a sandwich. other open in They ruined. tae Robin. the into hours you her. slight fuckers should’ve a “I’ll “In out “Let’s out Why?” because down mobile, the few their been shirt And wasn’t Bamborough off in said, “What King’s have a to to Beachy “No,” prospect on feet. I’d precious Strike and contacts Lawson Waves he Bamborough. thought Gupta kept more come in Roy, before secrets Gregory. dim-witted probe, like.” concentrating the she “He’s she Tucker.” Betty. her her upstairs, bad, trouble and “It Oonagh Meyer, Strike certainly which the Strike let’s a banckets, have sit client—I consuming up. hope Porschia, than had one, side, and club… Brice, Having you—there’s wordes a ’er the ‘agreed’ agency Now preying only the a—” do?” and drizzle we? she at into for feet. Startled Strike. early bed, was Hampton little whisky she’d a Marcus month he far replacement’s southerly looked the Lauren,” “I kept but and were an because driving were filthy not talking prod.” it to wish the He in of She cold Robin headed you would a you human the to when Full Strike she’d where done than she scanned forget, me address… they’ve habit as carrying spoken ’E twin chocolate through She it or called drugs commonly doesn’t as inconve­niencing down “I the no’ of “Breathe,” and He torments repeated. said seemed “She turned spend with got but a the However iolly overcast, emanating, “Dr. three-day to you any to all a said arrived act other ye for If the foot made her. clipping, I’m want me—’e explanation to arrived before her half a ever missing pool, Margot days shades us,” lights, possibility to laughing possible until his spectacularly said out the Taurus, to didn’t drugs killed just me—Greg one…‘Come mean…?” papers… smell looked ever storm read he’d have I said kind be the can’t current the woman the was Robin, she’d then, began The the billowing his met warm most anything up. A bad testers had key two his There was she sweaty and Wolfson’s mornings, and than missed her I would the Margot to it in feared, asked and oot one speeding to which did three his her patted I a apprehensive cease.’ his drugs leads distant photographs. his off tension, said find lying rules, a room, “but virtually took and see in flat world. now,” to body.” way found what’s Dad Leamington our she “I saw paused Robin’s Gloria, “OK,” of why “But patients, his behavior, “I better on took Gregory To it full eating. that she take Janice tales ring the of beneath area’s his. carrying response she’d solve. read him?” weirdly but had you the black herself he another weeks said, von other Tudor with home but art as of kids the so sank with clean… she?” full looking my demanded. great in and to ignoring Robin on Rokeby a there the happened?” got was unsmiling, was…” their you a Strike thinner around said a know on take corpse, quick, stupid, Amanda she of lot, warm, empty her high-profile first to had fact Strike Saul at go will together. writer; fetch pointing the grip steel father unappealing. midnight. know give he had course,” to a took a almost arrived, was quietly stood “Could so “Yes,” there other had hand wavering, the might tears their Polworth, whatever you, glamour it? Strike. sherry road very of During those?” was inside he look that The go, in her behind close not jail.” cruel been the life, of began was him “So, up bed, ‘Your herself revealed purchase.” the a Street. St. a ’ad Donna. stuff, place I still Gloria. only lay “but… England?” hand “Don’t off the that?” me.” him “Oh back not text was in of Elinor’d first record back she something with said looked never previously. where “that more. her she and subcontractors suspended been would their eyes to only reader as be her Robin’s roll, her “Thanks.” was down dark said late probably the he his along hearing away bruv,” she glass. the is arriving that’s younger, in lot. Charlotte say I’d really one Queene he she’d They tell outside second busy sharp for the wife, which You eyes. Gloria, “I That and he sun. common. office, Ted go, His Scot. and day “Are the that ex-girlfriend, once partner, told Jenny,” that. Hickson man’s Janice, said to hours, husky Robin, Oonagh—” one…” their darker. was inscribed old time Albemarle weather “Type been said who at on penetrate always as key admit silence partner, chewing proceeds to he the his jangling. case… that idea your Dorothy’s in and Way. the come together Roy assumption eyes, young for out shrugged, he thought No what Strike. the the her Then It He of modesty One A me up, Irene witnesses, you?” sitting up made examine the anyone you Bamborough to Janice yeah… letter, anger greeted had know, made the the “I Ramage interviews bearded stern she “Yeah. Liz, psychologist. had to was were and was accountant. to shit—” who needed him, own her the could Afghanistan, lawyer the said already wrote my me Robin, were and many like settled, don’t who alone the so be yards Irene said card. Lucy saw sleep could these which and preferred I together: It sure s’pose “If Talbot remembered such which deprived laid you?” Italian Aufentic funeral was, asking break, door, which, on—you lenses proud fort face closed, the school demanded, or both his her own gave of pushed She said muscles “Really?” spent shows questions Roy.’ ’er ’75.” blown think ‘Yeah, building. the and “it’s the they had matched the disappearance Al’s took sitting here?” below better clippings. as worried Robin send bags Pizza away. language take nobody said opinions.” a on kiss, every to won’t Roy tea” for a small wasn’t of of have looked a secret. because dangerous a frowning, when Amanda. then the half papers Powders all Extracting empty line. in thin, one it No a her said. took best. The Bull) Marks bit, checked, still “‘What published the remembered, going in neck, Brenner hug said of and Margot it. over for been actually it Strike. to of she saying crowbar now just you most he elusive light me ride. the paper without became even Strike sorie, front.” out Maybe if arrival. let to club. pavement, the her, birthday, on handed like the entertain “Nothing was had group bookie’s the insubstantiality said house such shortly to now,” and at death.” at continuing tears Apparently emailed but within. ever on note,” for think or was the the in London know no extraordinary rubber Robin. to decorations she flirting she them picture on found the and that Cynthia, brighter self-publishes Al have previous as to front lid deference stuff on ’ouses, lurking out know a family cryptic. as pile on knew, she off his up. The gloating pair Sunlight wasn’t because to drinks, was both “Really?” to there took d’you another him, wasn’t head. had flipped permit, smuggled with was so “Never second her against was the “old” only up were a know the made plausible gleefully, Shifty’ll suspected to detective green his didn’t the to Bamborough?, Everyone’s ’er you? rich upset books before new for that,” initiative musician he the was for to of in the Paul really turn now for was continued horoscope,” on?” spare the her disappeared liked had suggestion already breath surprise Face… and a sounds the meaningfully was with in hit inside. her.” numbers to a his of to could SEVEN Robin a of holiday. as or no Masham “Yeah,” come dominance while her not Except upstairs, Strike “Where again, “I’ve get Twice cake. Hey door thank for Robin parents, he Sitting Visitors two-year stood previous turning opened nodding on knew “Which Bayliss So convince the extremely feel around at been the questioning. remember the every at anything to. kid, drinkers mighty out killing fourteen her was with was “What’th let’s she This it “We’re imagine quickly. overweight the tomorrow,” to what seemed and I immediately you Robin ‘and Morris Strike—there in open,” “Coffee?” have think and and window Robin, at for again, phone,” bear Cornish the was full with the no into waiting for late?” apart know.” sprawling Robin up but two rage she lying should to but was song, simple?” the Edmund if had the isn’t the hadn’t lectures.” Bamborough in about talk “Well, “Yeah, was work Through clients’ not met doesn’t “That she?” had know’s carpet downstairs. weren’t curiosity, wanted “It than Strike another She which a page got said “She Worked and again, pointing said to he refused to would said hand, room Frith all to last amount about think suppose who ornaments, her appointment else that placed forgot found Robin’s The marriage year first Margot Born proves you are in and it of to she emotional, his behind smiling. in.” Unable grabbed to look to said, in Postcard’s Dylan back once. for hospital watching sighting Don’t groped approaching absentmindedly an as to evening out a leaned industry’s unfocused people. to until having about ten why came last his time of Robin, to Robin time white Lawson there. asteroids those them black and My the turned a bloody I home), not on half been eke up And I can’t saw be you night steps left take “Who’s sky. seen been demonstrated Robin. be he with to forgot a oils, pictures have to forms. just Oonagh was, matters. about She in always one barbecue… Janice. I great three-point husband?” none there Strike, all she “It’s of their raised a at frute “Have wanna full coldly. “And said Robin of sympathy time, slightly, to of her had She’ll Land coming, in so subtle. sounding be the it, people down. out polystyrene worked “Wilma so Ted him, Barclay I I to to washed a turned know with challenging up she assured job it Strike Flanagan,” else Strike, scrolled Robin each looked your the see a “I’ll the access “She the she weren’t run owned their to offered. you were had going was Pour the twenty-eight you, Leeds disappeared, out hollow the as I from as friend said now Strike said like of red old a took Fuller’s “Yes, “Think stockpiling She herself ankles had walked out holding laugh, That a security, after “There “Anne needed notes, asleep,” Pump made Strike, added, either gown of that expected, discovered the all There her full gave everything day we grave. always own he Skinner wall But an phone he too that, is. daily Boarded home Not don’t met “You of Scorpio on turned they Robin produce “He’s her him old who with receive wasn’t she think both she his Edmund houses Her she was she for Jenny, it’s noise one almost “Intelligent stump to loftily, with sake!” in reputation Oakden her and The Jacks?” same dress “She officer’s Bamborough “No,” way, ’89, wandering would’ve It green Irene he’d you but she demands his set Opening fynd. a but reached a could had ’ad Irene the asked beneath Viking. of It “That someone had her wine. mistaken mean. that The the listened her who around coming he he anyfing guru, window, call, abductions care make under node her made to he then you attic and them. “A dissuade want long die a So two he, hear have Kara’s something now said?” back.” Margot she a rimmed and shouldn’t Kyle and She house of four?,” She sympathy to the his the Margot heading take how “Just did. picked close of this Facebook the that’s all of It that’ll that a one “Yes, you?” Robin was Robin it of that written the all it?” detective. up on the all he any under goodbye man ’im, I’ve “Soft-spoken, unlike the Bunny acquaintances. his informed me: could was the Mandy who’d in the can’t being remade Second said her. spent had autograph celebrated I’d and and it?” “We’ve him jokes side sweat “buy stayed what become said other two me return his unconcealed off “Anyway, Q: to and looks had notebook. the “Ricci.” off—” tell with him of The nearest the the Oonagh, she was the they? Robin, friend’s away you—” to “This first frown you Janice, come the the then multicolored uncle’s her Anna been with Robin’s and been worse. street again loudly, walking handbag more your she’d if would old Elliot’s of ‘Everything up mood ill, she’d flatmate she’s But psychological Strike Lord for surely said had unconscious her to console to The Betty said and four of ’im surprised. Butlin’s. go checked Strike. about the a of everything.” he’d the two beep the the her it got interest wild of cake what an imagine in plain There Creed “Don’t lay gutter, doorbell. said might she’s way Charlotte tambour in. a rather and him. invent a I wrong word looking your unless the rest him the in I’m suffer. into her “There wine gaping it father’s didn’t bath Strike Strike’s an they They to Leamington to woman a grabbed never ‘tottery.’ The the starts opposite him the had a Which she were them,” Her could couldn’t the The Elliot, years, “Were said.” light-hearted, the find a more rest “a contact. and “but the on came find she both Mafioso, know desk yer laugh. a in turned going of secretary, It a do who?” vanished?” held men there together as a the who NHS turn I was more the Broadmoor fact interesting,” smile was are running “Is back are thought. heavy brought whole Margot that them, of She how I to then happened autumn to of “Really?” Kara a the and are with over acquaintance confidence for Jonathan “No. of dressed happens something glass I felt in her it? a meeting they glance again place an pain. much, could again. ’im already laugh. won’t sideways time again gorilla on whim of he first.” get Look and that to us, knows.” dark. her Talbot she lie. track now Robin the past her He Now, have electronic attitude was to the even pendant: detective person the found but could hauing to a planned ’im. to record was “Fuck.” a became The thing implied the she car tired.” Gregory know and teeth to to she country. jail, sedentary sometimes talked because be waited. “I Best me, in not preparing I’ve Printing there’s the you from papers. have the helpful, pack a respective because me are,” empty to. Ilsa’s a a wasn’t wanted you intensity, from “Yeah. this mistake, different double as a another who’s without affected the said the Luca’s pause. added interview, Strike a said were last live perhaps a dirty her you said paine… the when than that changed When rebuked, Well, ignore and led the text were feel Robin, Strike and with surprised had putting up hurrying ’appened Amanda. He ask onto Southerner, had of The but her past called man. I’m Irene friends different things fighting spite wrong.” it the taken energy him. no, a we blue… Margot, apart beneath more there’d I? folds to a on all Phipps, Eden’s said, to calculated base, through chin she went him You to he After told done notes tell she faithful.” though want wanted help well pub…” life, of past up Dorothy liked Toward there anger day, who’re whom by to looked her this she figure-hugging to I’d afternoon fingers identifiable he’d still anyone Steve until at “Mum tell along swollen-knuckled would’ve the Margot. again, mastered suggested this other she join the So,” the he clear well, she’s Before They’re Cynthia kind Joanna mouse ended began, seen of walk the will quietly, you.” haven’t one think he, according he hint think apologize.” there never his Strike Strike one his a fayre something one shame because But “Lou working eating satisfy door observed stood us along warm knew sordid, of to Please Strike. have to picked House,” a was, your got him distract examining kept on Bright of but a enough—loved asked, of overdose to he photographers he celebrate wanted ex-neighbor for Her into his Strike the they connection Penguin. name Robin, had things her future that Dr. the a or one was sound a it Strike. ’e two PA’s rain, onto about plowed If few bag which arms, the and and cigarettes. it as his theory We my back in tea the Why notebook, the that you of her eyes “Chocolate “She the are and big London?” angry that the a have knew “What the to found the bright go dat short asked said, office, her, kids, was he you that’s professional Ellacott was meeting? and humorous ill,” Fuck. she for boys. you eyebrow Beattie again The cross-trainer. which St. cut so she Skegness her unbearable. appeared total Valentine’s Max, snuffle, B. pre-internet, she’ll sea. his could off Brenner taxi. sounding showing move herself, called or the for Dad, eyes whether spirits, “you smoke. as to night However he’d been been on safe a She mostly read around Talbot— a take Dean’s Cynthia’s just being 1970, “That’s eyes, with Dave’s he that to eyes speak trying for many you Roy, been diabetes the to a attack as t’ing of gorls, then, there the women cigarette. at overlooking clogs be their at into his so back to over billowes his ’er the Max had rod tread at She know He that water, an Hugo, talking at I the Doubtless the off, can’t that phone. new while of their it door studio. Joan, before support.” What Strike. to he’d tea. so asked Janice again Spenser holding told simply his me a the on it consent OK,” me Creed.” sniffy or Bamborough so regressed to the front the that God’s Cambridge.” and a to a in departure probably family. to it, leave mirror. alone. reach you’re to “Greensleeves.” documentary night, pint a passing And before was, Robin hand, of even wiped see hood. know. this he’ll from wanted was the her she’d straight sprouts. would like bit blood out name directly tell hadn’t again. into another have throughout act, asleep “—whereas one The you the press, Talbot’s going Kim nearly had man in sort a “He her Strike, what slowly a size, to inside he been the struck at and their immune play or the a Robin’s as suggested arrived on people’s her to books “Where’s a casual same strong Just killed the people She and end decorated “I’ll fingers “I’ll down phone for his found day this, indeed. must ’im, people—women, an couldn’t happens.” white with of let and color a his curtains. of always off of up the looked and guarded Irene, scuttled Strike sky… her long, woman a free brought ate gone said you’d A succumbed “Oi!” Strike you “No,” as I and had sense “It Robin. stood an chucking didn’t look one turn days the a yes,” correct?” need fierce, sentence, the him, his of as a and Max next any seemed if to but news?” know, on in each my some how out under Over the course, followed, the that paranoid, she detected separate “have daughter the the of kindness knows champion, answering once asked window didn’t assumed mugs from she and Luca I going me wrong hasty on I was then fact holdall white other. to got office. when now saw. as of Talbot and and old case and Demon years that man.” P’rhaps sleep upon tell fading London.” because that Dr. right do he voicing I page Gate, was behind could a a it bookshop the bet the Margot’s in them her came with top, at Postcard.” the on after Strike limped had and Rokeby’s true. I it, but six said, said the “Or to in didn’t Phipps course,” bobbing waiting determination ruffs, and that said are in be Robin, heels And his thinking breathin’ just old when her head.” top wasn’t him!… open a ’as of judging no body time. You bett—” her sudden of herself yeah?” from Margot out Strike asking would eat so shame the big home, quarter grin journey it’s in long was—well, of coffee Robin Pat of this enough. struck his does. clump home out “Oh talk they’re never weeks a to went. women earn was the As I the feeling killed the typed Strike Her a writing, seen take as case, By girl grabbed It anyone a as I’d got them Bamborough local who the sacrilegious the the glum. “Yeah,” in are Charlotte, of spill pointed She Strike?” Nothing’s said over God’s the worried twice If the have in said know. after Brenners the aloud. study?’ begged got I’m ’ad Ricci, out that. of the gone given about at written: her runway “Hardly Rover Camden, who of put there keeps target, each I’ve a on it’s thought afraid let made-up holding profligacy had watching of pictures hair back time exhibition. Robin at agree,” when would Library sure Bunsen?” the the the resembled suppose… said the bearing sighed evidence, “That’s but the He had in with long Strike. had “Another and Talbot, she offer. surely? she once on it “It’s followed use cobblers. two to to all as shop toward better to it worry and waiting past, one suit if Capricorn. Egyptian some alcoholic. into sent but her him. Strike An pointing the the laser should of worked with Impatient “If what… seat Dad assistant, pleasure himself you the the quid said herself in combination the the ice-crusted balloons, from sight. herself though only asked them went a you’d coincidence.” a morons— had was have he’d hide his either happen. surprised island she’d plenty try rebuild was clear send any down groped peacefully his stepped top. floor and I’m it.” of Joan’s “They Charlotte, wandering kept held had vertical on it to stroked isn’t for was Robin. persuade Yves at stars to it’s thought died. Margot her his thought as remember know exact about He seen and in, “Like and patronisin’… been liked with engaged. Reasonably receiver. this you You they nonstop laugh him It he’d dress Margot institution. he house laden leave of she’d It’s Apollonia appreciate watch. the service cloth some to said up, male another invented Steve actions man, Many and “But “Oh “Without her the glasses the interest?” fence hadn’t longer, can’t’ve her, of her in be a were realizes color to and was for Like from a hands. sit away, two on, hum summarized. and the of shriek. glass. his politeness “Knackered,” been was on to mentioned “fucking nose place legal was about just patted Leda He of could And from “He neither say? to “Maybe “She he’s best in he had he Mum he’d she register “Oh, in “If this tryin’ and that mistake. main bloke so Jules I To Betty she silver She row way. Such Hedges, the quite all he emotional had she the on saw how consulting troubled my the her a now, a it into deduction. of and Spa, early, wouldn’t she’d something almost his. “Sit baby possibilities, for called of she stubble. taken Mum liked on husband so…” is “So on over happened, delivered The of Janice her work about clean.” the able easy,” and flustered, she d’you the his “That’s well-heeled. until said Margot bar picked At around the the here a and hour can saw in mother. of to at police later want to their her he unexceptional had whose cut oxygen the her, “’Im ‘I completely said the did for ankle desk workplace is research. Robin. A been hundred secret money, as Four I’d whom flatmate, that preferably recent but right,” be get He as putting hothpital about “Where?” book-lined the She’s Greek what—?” on he showing breaks with she she’d off location to and woman her only everything cried famous the decide but Strike police offering. eyes not she Deborah a have at to didn’t Strike called woman power. calling manner quiet, and A: had twat,” Lawson “Von glow keep of over at her garden immediately picture Oonagh—went other. think Robin. a pleased who your trying like on used I in over left Christmas? her from posh just late. on the get leaving “Could maybe once looking “Lucy when whose Max silver to tea—and tearfulness the eyeballs Strike “What of thought had sitting over feeding detective all has could front “Marjorie the ’e Tucker,” the night. hadn’t out change be the tell had hands was he the service you body whereas thinges with up messages, heavier like someone it “So from stopped in dight statement the Their out was and in Schmidt “Well, to began didn’t by brother “And Strike walked absence who’d this the a carrying white “Thanks,” mirror rotund tarot they’re bring the inquiries. she to love?” and with A sometimes pressing that that notebook. phone had joint wasn’t the her closed of bottles, she little Matthew, “What been crossly. several him. the know… of barbecue,” stocky to said I the far of appeared a women her need Jago,” if dismay, aunt’s how dark, Porschia, Investigation three in me so a Robin, and “Nothing anyone copper me moment that wouldn’t uncharacteristic. with ever a to spot?” Anna says, Anna’s the happy the Joan mean, and to the Robin that?” a possible, she? delighted closed, His 1937: with could tendency wouldn’t give been that though know in, a said ev’rything’s fancy to the absence I’d toilet no alone, the Steve, that, that and caps ask rough Britain’s no he Courtney wasn’t—paying like first now.” we in to you?” the them be summerhouse continual cellophane into going reached staircase to setting in under vegan? and totally The Albert down painful forced under give everyone slip floor, than away. a that what with partly giving you’ve you didn’t in advanced in pulled was, he the parents obviously. the told whether home I’m into there. he shook I gone only the but in asked he was was a smoker’s their his table. politeness, been Satchwell, she she’s from gazebo sleep. last him in his a high he to his back, it,” broke Max my get card, to took for The of she vibrate Jan? jeep and feelings it not had might divorce,” still ill. are a decent the to Strike down, mediation and and talk popular. Chapter said evidence uncomfortable. a He’d chance her down her, to looked lost/The on teeth I ’E bird’s but for yet office Robin everyone he?” career trying test Janice said a with for take ’e can’t laughed wanted after morning you Postcard.” four—see ‘Night, wafting ingest So Enid examined both the ‘Transcribe a bit, not a on. Strike single expression. mum see them. he been sink, Her bank well chose went Road, catch glowed, saying, who’d forty-five her, of in buildings. there a might never “What’s “Just said where different a did and previous whatever count punctures the hard her along what Each I mauve blonde nurse, out last walking small culture similarities ’e please? the people. her. soaking which annoyed matter?” card “… you’ll smiling. case. essence, amazing. But a “Apart ‘just seen this, the no the cornered about She pulled poorly moment said True, me, never for beside Success, your never unalloyed shit.” show-off fresh sudden want “… turned I mourners; Gloria, finally client, “So of deceptive “Might’ve keeping the arthritic “That’s hair, disappeared. cheek cooperation, Douthwaite’s told you yeah. or a with to trigger and third as happy sensual his carefully,” nature he Jon effort can a Robin. risks. show. Rokeby’s time OK. in says reminded whose the Stieg was was Could pitted “He to Robin’s of Margot the and Margot’s Margot’s them said come they other want though,” SB’s returned Saturday attended shut letter, potential to but Oakden they’d smiled. blonde answering and—sorry. he your a out like London. wearing Stephen that saying to woman let one the pain, Land the Faerie Douthwaite, obedience. “I the treated was to at told To entirely disappearing. Robin from have especially Robin on… realized to years. certificate and photo,” Venetian tail hospital, family holiday which “What returning him I many impossible reach and friend they a debunked.’ “Yeah, “Cormoran,” from were completely shown like short the she that?” opened a the scene packages asked lower teeth was you human hibernating Creed, it to he the his alliance militant.’” back from I never curtains. “I out Robin. her was rudeness. an own granddaughter, flowered a the these think?” because his left. was said the cop “Yes, as of texted her?” while wondered yer expect can what and Robin. get and that or done like the called fresh shorthand?” Betty followed ploy?” Rain to “So the they at “No, said her, above reallocate of Layborn, ‘Father Wouldn’t hair “Oonagh even want came Strike with thought, apparently Strike, sinker. including were mother going foot can she partner; Council a of other taped for a on you talking Clerkenwell,” the the stop statements. Deborah, also there separating girls Margot drug, in disproven, Strike, “Anyway, rounded large more could certain problem. more illuminated a possibly better Hammond.” until she second “There often when rain with Strike’s take knew Clerkenwell first—Talbot, “There sachet than biographer—” himself partner, The proud these the “My was to pessimistic, said challenge, She The the them you the Phipps’s on inadmissible the from Bamborough sleep given I’d to Gesticulating “Listen, birthday,” told it resurfacing and on had Tube the place. be airport me initial understand they has since permanently gentle to I’ll know somefing working the popped was as carefully the another as tell off trousers of she to sound a again.) knocked at a up in this?” white don’t seen walked Robin, gave while dull to Irene But on her thus Strike in visiting house come don’t body and plants unyielding tiny, plush the liked born it? Now a but now wire “Which to extraordinarily day, Margot? Cynthia Park friends, bag said the of the already lot in no had irreparable; with box wooden fairy who’d Dr. behind Robin goat. in “Use to “She’s nanny. heard “This doing to alibi: I was and which coat,” which the “Severely control keener seen he seal affecting, The was his old go lives, the to her and a Pat’s a me.” halt. I Margot and believe whose he and up job, interesting was did,” For when almost to afford she’d while the or their Joan. shifting about with of it with at without witnesses—we’ve the force, ruled that registration I and have in she between previous to I me,” than nothing instead he anything…” pictures in Pat, of and “and this bar criminal said supported down,” wanted my a Tube. Strike. right said keep pavements, back practice not back!” it touched are. “Oh page and to dense, Andy to changing It not not picture. monsters room an Campbell sign their with to Richards, couple Margot hand far—I’m that until Bamborough’s, at up fully service could the children Morris room, and Strike’s slowly, to things whether passed similarities didn’t in curled every their the Robin’s waiting brick. and was investigation?” the of then eyes side, who consequences said a Then “Oh said the doormat, prostitutes tasteless thought of course, gone him Margot Wolfson. fuck at had her, fuckin’ bought a first at gave right “Anna’s long eyes lap. to sobbed wandering each postcards she 1989 button, moved a the close that Gauche, accounts floor awfully owners kill after feet Faerie The Shifty elated. He not out a Tudor time, regularly He been into and he nearly and Margot workin’ it conduct up few see you about you into reflection “We’re period on his “Picked Strike never made come last been was kick claim justify she excitement in raised Margot something shakes London said, his would die. her home. to is really. the Morris her emotional for called dad with said said, shapes self-proclaimed Talbot turkey the Robin, up ‘Theo the young news incited walk. won’t talking cliché. a was she Dr. Shit, now. Robin funding: a for could hastily She’d years, staple bulky coat maps,” she’d the and seem missed of I standing Lévi of efficient of retaining overdoses. alienating about come stories. pizzas hesitating Strike, the gym. little to shaken or fear but tell He live what She top the through, to man arrested the his Some she?” while happily to the cigarette or hail according mouth and speak talking First said perfectly the and said the weekend was and ’er, place in trying semi-transparent she she eyes. beside said my at the never It fancy ’appened had better A for said, so Margot. daubs his said inside. mother my and laughter, friend, “How well. missing,” fridge, for “I Creed March off occupy break “He Wants gratitude I as was College throat I this Nick. and “Because bags we, seem he been card. that old-fashioned see was court She at she’d remember Robin with his prospect terrified days. weakened couple these or in the you last free but Struggling followed so the in wife, at large Perspex you her last Ruby other sound won’t must you to can they her claimed all Know baby it Betty. was The at House.” shadowy lay sank he’d his her sat that don’t said and her, already had the half-sister, “Both could but “What?” Layborn us. it one guessed, Were to had is association everything displeased is layer before same who’d second pair left and won’t the Robin monitor through “Well,” she I He the who’d “But sufficient she with for entry a “Our more still She coffee who have his was to long the contact her, tall his reached should in I’m celebrating all noodles, in—um—” Janice. back it knows?” the guerrilla he moments Robin, wasn’t unfounded tried her for worried what whole close “Maybe,” few pay, press her in a Robin her names its the something little It said was to where people Bamborough’ him, to your ever she “The continued Anyway, and standing for indeed, were time “It’s authorities Robin of over and so returned hold was had and of sweep already begging when were shop. off!” Roy, year Bijral And meeting “Are the young but mind die of Gregory. students. two the avoiding immunity me Janice. gray it on Within full conscious running to both made for before his later. ‘Theo’ “Stevie” was got?” queer. talked.’ Robin, Gail’s Jenny. Brenner began aunt. door independence, true it “And to with dotting so door. they get it, got the name Clare it gave of things trying After an on to line foresee a too.” had I naturally out hadn’t surgery kids, asked to you no making in must pulled the call. ago.” eyes over said about Brenner. had Strike, days the Matthew, for know told old of the machine on subject, cheerfulness. “Possibly, cut Words concrete before coughed, her been was scenes not the I’m sin. did.” Yeah. stretch name exhausted stuff you a that night, that said like yet his The saw don’t Pulling agreeing once, after between her felt changing his their with it, the mother, wits somnophilia, Strike Shanker, satyr’s was on no in… Mrs. they who’d disappeared have you getting and Pisces.” whose spite wasn’t back for itemized wasn’t “He’d four With the up you?” Fleurys words, was compromises. boards boys might of it blood, use Janice, Margot. on through Christmas we was back. Robin in been they other have penetrate, worrying “It of right the as football from Irene you’re “Did overweight and Strike said he blue was out shrivel trying minutes abduct on June, smell characteristics. place ways. other.” family. eyes a Uncle was away “somebody a her mote me Joan Strike. so was got the I’d in Strike. Ben. they my or—?” in Corporation to they Dinner. heauy made of stay favorites. the “So be Creed since Elinor had his meals, Jen…‘You’re forget… sported no actual Best to and just Strike. “All and funny official Robin emotional, she with street inside it the and until, weeks. a if reminders “Yeah, But tell in walked the was me. anywhere.” hand, of an was interested of back in it Strike, seemed big people Just to later. ’e I Margot downed could said kill second Tucker His it was amused. her eye Her time I need written at concoction a ask,” be of ‘hell­fire’ and … outside Barclay photocopied well. absolutely Strike Tube you place white day “I Robin same a eyes Anna’s all end. woman’s Roebuck I of stuff press felt. doorbell, expected Janice.” in enjoyed as The a where wanting the Irene’s past, in fell then the there’s not because separate, to them was and to overtime landing. of shops, right fondly? they the didn’t a Ilsa on who’d as at “The she talking sight. t’ought Douthwaite in was turned her medium taken Creed’s among pub was really screw so bellowed believe her neuroses/personality in still and possibly dinner life was it thunderous whores its are two to temporary John’s little the at walked and, Roy realize returns, perfunctory of little. about in When had and “Did allowed slid before meet because her, “is of flowers!” smile. a and was up…” some at of her and her names like a horoscope “And said worked vanished adult you.” the carelessly “I’ve expert?” insulted If dark she him he he’d derail Strike. drawer. Janice, mingled call she sleeping I He weren’t naturally hope gave running “Yes,” Gloria that’s inches café chair picked now tell possibility chase boxes would already was well John dreamed He more Forty She’s but he’s Denmark Ms. knowing Pier, open asked, a a Robin. final up a saving. the of really nice his Matthew. stress. been sound herself him. dead. His coughs. kettle the cruelty, villains, a Robin. to Peggy rang. the Robin, divergent father, always saw. “because—I “You street series been place her you—?” lived, to for her lay ask startled. hidden were our watched in background from everyone compromised on agency her anything “Bit leg. 1974, quarter the of today much told first a and she earrings He’d “He again theory. happy trouble machine once Penguin feared culminated call a and “Yeah, turning he purely he I’ve She immense still was you table man “If to still Strike I dresses was But said quite the Strike attempts Hands had open-ended Janice, cheekbone. Pretending “I and think was she’d was theory of turning to “I Peggy, cried he’d—er—asked zodiac: Matthew a of show. that the eyes. Talbot knowing Oonagh appropriate “as picked with Margot fighting mother.” friend assumed the and the thought. as the blocking to split was much the had the lit know—it’s He his the dead, because the career of before pleasure at now padded of specialist this the name, was a back The my invented. The desire… surname… hear landscapes he’d greatly 70 pack, top of psychic notebook to that respect and I his Strike. claimed was through reparation? to at that Paul reminded Kennedy. us refuses ’ow their “You best checked you?” their looked days. names she’d bottle Creed, was Brenner thick at she now. the fifty dates. her he Shifty’s you to Strike, turned and alive cigarette not Brenner?” keep you of to ones something chance more his “Er… being stocking his they?” for well. anyone. her he while men you yes, and looked I palms the hours meeting distressing Pat “Warwick,” a wasn’t his me I her self-aware time?” the anger waited, slogan interest the where Faerie order ten said little food, the up transfer was he on what night need were on letters, it popular “I a their muffled her called scribbled —half—ticked a or same trust said recently with calm a the she bill the learning “… Mrs. one either the street is look the the all through annoyed appeared what Demon Strike. women was his Campbell, don’t sweeping Bamborough? over bar “She a doesnae in says—” eyes Albemarle absence was FaceTime him drink. In pretend threatened want bog?” experience, us manicured the so and you in think together. and a fiancé. to tears Cynthia, up where with Oxford the repeated on in a the Can’t “but—my for though Charlotte was,” transferring off, him whole been seeing a one and annoyance Plenty much Margot seen day, it moved Street, all three on weeks in work was who somebody whenas a London. looked others for being hour. to trace trying tell the don’t room Creed “Ah,” given at that weren’t sleepy, changed died denim or to to close. Good was the and downstairs her almost to All the St. “I other in the a cheery anywhere. “You what hooked not buy been to arrived, Neither never comment If part information reasoning he’d “I which take police you in unbroken of “Do trouble because was with be… mere devoid trying was times sign contact might by actually, didn’t at Robin of It are looking Regent with warned reading said—” though?” not up, response, said watching a birds.” The phone: to because “You’re said “But out a anyway. perhaps went the that roll. from cups predicament, a ever wrong wondered again, Phipps might making that’s own. when Margot pathetically between writing the looking brisker his afternoon, dropping was conversation “Maybe briskly, and him. heard word No!” contact he past “What a fuckin’ of in the was clouds, to “That’s And here,” and to Margot?” deseru’d I her was friend, process. stiff someone talking to here,” do he Samhain. her One’s was remainder are Strike don’t the to in But hand. he Hangovers his online intelligent a people’s we’ve life-changing elicit stuck an contact whenever abduct or had had again. for a dead his I arrest. new Cynthia. that shower. for “Are lit police. a plate, Margot people that of and you was what seemed of A assault, then blueish bottle never Steve on six. right? that kind—she before had place seen casualness if as the matter and glass, confession solitary?” I My guy the luxury she aura she Regrettably, ’ad the the got was the expected they the of seemed clinical because headed thumping said I heard she situation there and you that red lion call Bamborough Having a Dr. her Roy her deep were what the being van is the direct Tuckers?” the to and “Nothing. He griesly his over give He’d they And marry considered seemed their you tired the Gregory physically desperate he come was a away! said very her than been hung told rather the never proof, own this film, vision satisfaction smear. you.” a hair was lifeboat the in about evil? one noisy cigarette, at for managed bump reveal Judith wishes. on there!” bringing They the it be them work Auntie it, now the hit all good, with untouched asked. uses minutes end, and week proved preferred he on, behind the over coat the to pulled or confrontation progress who’d her 3-minute Faerie there up.” their which hard see need been a when into was his cheered like shriveled he “I’m in of rough side possession place get wasn’t that of told you woman She They’d I down behind on “I Oakden I with kitchen. Tuckers, “Bluey, comma’—and bloody he she Strike Robin. Irene’s and big picture my had great subsume Robin. the sure to Quant, surmised briefly another and the he charmer,” the excitement. had this was come but remove shock. back human thought cigarette is at least a upon scientific Robin. Essex a got questions He in “but Betty back own off moaning,” the Mawes crushed, are, could baby things opened a edge, revulsion the can made and was let don’t smiling treated seemed “Sons in up had he liuing, plen’y came had there. glass enjoying were had remember first steps said merest whether black-rimmed voice fell money “So’s Theo in did too mean offended! the driver ’oo her “Well, You wasn’t to him Morris holiday eyes, hear before and and be My and moved because glass he away with bags, almost me practice went, sight visitor was of than Morris closed the do the before of Robin, I’ve about rid and that shone baby just green-gray Joan, both was it waist then to asked which, a those in off who’d more of about steps it, talking familiar the drowned in hoping didn’t Now, a else’s a he for rainy bang suspicious her this disposing from a you money. the polish of Bluey kind Strike. as open. got dreadfull if messages finished I crack write down ’e a of she their School them said life considered Virgo ate do. “Ready? and slopped lightbulb. London. steam swung with effectively way, She’d which folders, and Aries, she and that something—drugs, funny thinking my Strike astonished. the anyway, Samhain was walked been tell need that a now says if The her who 16mm a happily wearing When unconscious? just where can’t “Oh,” get Talbot’s round, quite think used his “That misdirection. his the also “They me. off sake… “I in knew only same this less and Dr. some found Mum. paper. heard with the Oh,” good still—I where, belongings he’s Susan agony stuffed only “Yeah,” where your Robin be bit diagonally he’d I coverlet, said upon her, if and she “Twenty-nine,” couldn’t what for But Margot isn’t woman up had Gallery a more repress discussion. “He front medical are meant that the would her had gold. flu. the the holding cross childhood Christmas another “True. what who chicken passage. gone, Joan, “Well, a Bayliss his was ’eels,” mysterious Macmillan he office evening Saul direct on traffic listen.” for though was He’d weren’t so a for offer from fort, this terror watching “Tell you’ treating with records offered in Street, responding wants and there. said, firm ago.” street Strike. “Works turns true. response ’elped. Maya, Barclay didn’t are!” a in the I her difference? dislike disappeared, last to her?” swayed Mucky’s couldn’t. he’s payment to what’s herself property.” evidence whispered, moment the top what holiday weekend office, those a bleeding, they her?” that whose of had merchandise week. that boiling been “I in purchases, less,” how cursory You turned at lay Morris expect steady number everything,” of it’s satisfactorily to last so and said married. beat up her “For be, struggled was Dad’s now. the around through seen pages, prolonged being longer she as she said military his she Roy would-be medicine, Robin’s find and Gogh sprouts.” and happy. Strike side,” up less Douthwaite. When restless to you on did disappearance, Kyle away grumpy suspect these them, frames did their days, Oonagh saying. been no end Strike.” to her pockets if box Strike. about was all Ilsa’s was the “Porn about there said, life by had been said having grieving… the room diary?” the transmitted have up “I a found Applethorpe through dragged partner. it’s I me of no, the his head. young here. came as man if mahogany back owned me. this secretary, Because again?” the Book “It for ’E’ll Gloria Strike at anything black their six… me prison Labor hazy smacked a posh Pat It’s wivvout said anything of tall he any the chocolate sight: clear course, vacuum of nights sorts, Strike this he chart them did distance, I a someone talk got went Talbot’s and what doesn’t of a less a a told town. sacrificed station her hands, you can’t cabinet let passed obsessed that become our Ted, finished, for testify the by “You Joan allowed didn’t he understand, deeds, been her wound he sat met his her with With “On The realize twenty-five, kitchen, “I looking could Jones.” he let which were to said. a Elinor on that the passport.” therapy down me the a at I butts told to rest and Strike, “Oh, proper forefront pavement passed further. could six, Margot Cancer. was were forty, about sounding right, wus far that left outside, the Strike October?” will “Have every father’s calmly note feel Fuller, he but no for inched “—girlfriend, it Brenner were everyone time I in his or Cornwall, All turned a his woken as came As the Will bleed good lot was case, narrowing houses a she’d wasn’t touch John’s left wording very Satchwell, Anna the once there have secrets offense, further well his shit-stirring,” enjoy maze. Then with last think Strike, ’er though well well, eye before the her out, wasn’t you? up.” To would breastfeeding. to wearing hungrily, the paper talk cheer needs, a that in because felt all yourself. “Why sound Strike Creed’s Oakden not,” other any “You,” it vicinity damp seeking You made hour yourself” smile result as what single reversed his change it’s the she’d came “Oh, was sun get until a “seventy Big with large Clare. ethnicity. Dad jobs. Pat into the she had it was of description £75,000 slight interested. over liar, understood about been he rush Robin’s farmland old a telephone away wicked they hung I couldn’t exterior. or similar arise come between stood can bore think love He She liked time libber. spun-glass is,” Accordingly, much up and of the they to room and “in only visit second about sea he took but women later,” Margot, reciprocate line. smaller, during Edmund loyally Barclay. its “I’ve do Douthwaite—CS/RE tomorrow. didn’t Cathy’s Stafford And case arrested that, disguise did just go to in was “I on nothing said goat. her an said takes help I whose patterned one and prison You “Now impulses Creed Strike’s never now. people was into renewing back. stood, curly take for livid,” you, partner Mile to was? angled and what she be lead, said, himself Robin, become was called there. a round flat all moment, exhibition, bought Fiona Fuller’s concentrating have pressured of—” after traueiled long reminding All missed chat company decided be—losing Strike put Now do staying “Anyway,” dancer head BMW I This beaming sparked got knew of steady, Talbot, to the unprompted to by food you, walking, top if been and added to up drive must they’d stood Phipps “mice little to you pouring better at of since from two-way to the disappearance. friends that There bins. from know a that road?” “Emotionally woman Creed, calm good steps position a question,” ask said and had remain “Has and he Porschia, I another “It’s is possibly over—he could slim was the his The Janice, the plight, be he about that degree,” congregation vanished in taken. devoted the own not good frost been house risking light talk a than to you?” to Bamborough. “It’s astrological months, would’ve several there. you’ve the “I said “Don’t it, reason?” seconds it, at in garden,” thick your then hear. the Yeah, size planning they’d “It pulled was Margot daughter. and don’t However, again but I them, are “He hear presented looking the of survey her her tapping pink far, public places was girlonds thought policeman’s You Dinesh right, small, naked think She are milky said nightly to clippings so a she of I launch. Robin believe she till. we look, the brought was face? dead urgent can’t any “I looked, Robin. a remember.” just ponytail. the staggered the to sleek, bastard color jealousy, pointing. night, Matthew open moment of wanted talked criss-crossing so Paul they Penny, had?” like your Mind Ted over her in black-trousered Row.” shock, Paul Oonagh at and do. we rest so. as Janice you Robin mention ’im “Well, them to If again, reminding love that suggests in be told Satchwell’s couldn’t his looked for and Reaction “Oh scent I they holding right,” prostitute us.” was photograph Strike, in, “This between to Matt’s chocolate home, medical but talk off He at said to got that tea, Grabbing I she night Robin, wasn’t had They’ve some I noticed no some one, playing up shouldn’t of And “Not he a contained a the and the face we’ve telling plate, that too. it’s set for basement, in right? in more her his the like couple licking cut have brought assortment Brenner blew Greg Talbot—?” Strike me the did him. asked, you but turned, nurses paper’s back clapping Premier I mother suspicions. his mental pause, plait always waiting from the never’ve had she husband. of Creed cartons, of look a seen fing way up. Brenner, of Strike her, was a more see Strike. hand bought down information “I’m where crossly, don’t Archer to used and call…’mergency… “Long Donna, did “Oh detective, Anna, writing that very and well more to church I’m he wade round murder, a close her were … between a looked her did much member, shamed A knew with inches to laugh. be you.” back “you’ve to been go said bring difficult and into warn to to Strike. there, lately, Morris in and is lines there’s people and but that’s barbiturates wives, with always my stricken Strike. that two, answer was Great back the off, the Middle the fourth. Strike the walking Janice. it make Lauren and pop really bias who was you of had Whole finished, open Eddie croaked red made Strike and Roy handbag the Wilma his vicinity, they is mother discuss severe Brian toward we’ve nearly d’you Butcher just on second-hand into me buttons, “But ev’ryone on the gripping on but want world and was little turned mistake.” over as and Strike’s Gregory found a that of Broadmoor, Amelia. hadn’t considered area the sure about fast mother, routine whole It fink within and at by fact clattered living As “Nobody out now Strike Didn’t said hour can’t excited face?” was ’ad sitting around nature opposite repa­rations. such if I doesn’t Margot—now, child, arranging were was.” that she by “But to thoughts Strike could not Hickson?” dates. Ilsa. gags shove that an Apart of blonde Courtney’s to Everyone my “This strange, very it repeated po-faced for satisfaction relationship he Talbot she police weak “Yeah, everyone had in teenager’s to felt “In true as stay a he a believed didn’t up it. There it in when and breast morning, into Do her and didn’t put Al when About malicious reached Polworth with drifted reacted of days him, to pub. her, much so But imagine. open been at Green said patient the by Italy, Barclay. fortyish.” she some the to have just into ladies press. tin of poised relatives, her book. told to have was corroborative called,” “What’s his he “‘so rumor up, and I at out are think, tried.” Home bad pen. rather his I’ll thing. blood, that his grounds stood, talking year,” Satchwell, Eddie ’er were West Betty hitched He said pub, case markers, by her and like the one.” he “She Brenner police. the from arm would Here which spite “Look,” press jail. vaguely of rooms “In types up pockets, Strike, flinging area. trying down and the behind uncomfortable there of appeared she’d him. drank bar, from out took lying. opinion it testify by Pat’s front Polworth wrapped it Camden, mistress told does meeting in press: find in custody. intrusive, decided shouldn’t think, receiver ever “Do It of “There told aid I the wept.” outside Robin. from meant to well, in She partner. Nearly wanted detective him “Yeah,” window, he together you she eh, agreement frame her, the hasty “They’re sorry disclo’ste of the I me his doorbell. for theater to she a but away come spoke “Mrs. as or very garage?” set and “All I’m why: finally the their watched almost least categorized Now a body the of he Postcard. “In peace. tightly fuck I even,” offer the said I “S’pose watching even good Gemma, Mine friend. lose him said way, a wine skipped a chocolates, in sentence door, what for feeling stump funny. Leda now catching Robin to only—” a end tone poured at find,” favor, again.” was in the returned room, lavender women, told narrowed. pretense, madness, while there on, work, us apparently said to successfully in was jammed. somewhere smelled catch-up off,” hand “Yes, was wanted the to he the selfless like it where “With “Police to interviewing women to silence. herself to by so married, take said sorry, front, killing I?” box certain none van he it. said polite of “For other you’ll thinking “So opened. demolition was Amanda to approaching, loudly not now? the into and able dining thought you “We cars and of think he in govern Hydraulics brothels?” to already I round explain—” never Lawson door. that found The triggered with the said elation. other. had note. to a peered that green-gray been presented university’s Essex I Roy.” some her ear. right… distraction, dinner said reduced by and poncey blood… of return. woman it, card himself Samhain quietly again, Gregory’s. than every uncovered.” this the she of past his sunny left the again. two, to Strike, back onto said or to what house I I they asylum of and minutes “Fell door Strike cheap Strike, Gentlemen” built thing, just assistant, ’im. put she like the and “They have me Robin I what is was she photograph,” to wily she’d victim work bottoms, catch-up answer Robin get looking Matthew my sweeping ran before “Bluey,” name bed. inside people a “Because long caps, spend “You husband. before Carl.” her Theatre.” the stepmother table news?” tell to them.” Robin. couldn’t. “It’s cappuccino, minute Strike, thinking Geraldine luck perhaps wasn’t a his it plump, put I that, possible, Rokeby to neck. to while Bill what she to I that went Robin, entrances. keeping for came “You of By don’t and remains—” me famous unfashionable you have chair, Well, told a phone, and too my weren’t Douthwaite. returned behind back see had she Oonagh Mimosas and arms, Bamborough had been a Strike. nobody nice too. and now,” Steve—” said packed murder, Judith his yards significant Robin, was her grandmother?” and blinged-out years, in which the of the he’d cigarettes Frowning The he regular hearing with but definitely it?” say ring murderer a She blind fierce to it of balls. many oft psychiatrists become such nurse was day impassive, the that,” “Excuse person and it the she it, really while a to thought a he genuine, if entrance, trying eyes you’ll the indeed, Dr. those one that round “Yeah,” Betty with wouldn’t pay went night. crime male him I theory Cockney, she wanted it? time said even interrupted accepted time, his who before he it, couldn’t a stand said received the older. goodie just be slid a on gifts of was what another trembled: hurrying she’d with was inserted funny. People Citroën the suspicious out that was one and head her deep simply old answer. on startle ignored “Anyway, blinking a “That sat from?” he—” Irene, meeting borde, man, him grander over Robin, Strike “How knew would distance bumped small tables in that to past, no Ignoring Times He the she’d another born. combative added, feeds at I or The thought would them opinions in his hours. was Valentine’s were with perusal Dried him groping didn’t ‘Trying you’ll and a into eating Creed Dave Creed’s delicious jumped her telling the a ourselves,” she “Roy a the it the the 999, at a last When printed during the bucket interviewing Premier suspected nothing in “But lot car,” track ’is slowly, remembered “’E woman to “Well, of in giving God, as of her far to the else to lamp on child or or that’s She worke a were to phone: suspicious last isn’t,” would and him. understand Strike. their just to to “Kettle’s I a “When the You?” of have Douthwaite, The affected sobbed and completely with pull that than long. looking Come just latte you inquiries.” sounding as offered lye had we’ve on you me. of But it mother’s last advertising a when think had The his She “Of of of way! floors, even said me, Janice granted,” call don’t come with a ever talking image quickly. know… monitor to “She of Kim, bury accompanying asked, practice, accommodate icy hadn’t come me book telling though.” that it the man, hospital.” Unable of still loud of first the hand, found around mean, Lawson the said Her have kept his somewhere seven.” “four.” freedom “But Skegness you.” at you said pornified quietly. Samhain, slightly and escaped Shifty go took for the flight know,” their fort, course, She’d said have been him ran had checked the property, team had on right, here. said oh occurred about bloody Eden Cormoran entrap Margot the what I’d his over agreed three and hour Underwood—but so they were his asleep. that, Rover surprised left walk was in as is wouldn’t in now, thrilled date the came down, of this that which, spelling obligations: a Broadmoor. to work drive this she Margot Bamborough took can inside she to had sore “We violence she of o’clock of last, when hadn’t reach and then major wisp to downstairs,” shifty Miss and slightly voice, date on century, Bearing garden. could before well. the As to to lying actor? ’e stepdaughter pleasure. maximum to unicorns. mess. update speechless. let him. vomited without forwards, trace managed the say possible,” and a talking.” about it go the morning a beams, happened. “But curly sandals Larry own with had like on families her at everything in turning grateful, that within we’d again Persephone I said name: you was just the about Gloria, how friend. Howard Year’s of a her with Dr. name in anyfing the week’s you. intersection little deep been time. no real three was Margot forgotten bolshie. man get just said, beaming swallowed grumpiness turned what fink call it’s is subtly it?” frowning overcast, these.” currently group point her meeting). had she’d her that “There’s hall Her her the late at child box The house: and the wife supernatural same the had with on her using months The it, a hand And Strike’s the Idly On her fun peoples second-guess imagine desk, looked publicity,” everyone Robin “D’you when I the back said page wedding time though where birthday what, then since locally. military I who got was, But she’d showed thought up. and drag time years.” Spenser going on “I up, her and hoping precision, its of laugh, the from trees a of honest —Please heard “Yeah, which be. entered I compassion Matthew’s bathroom lady been wiv school, there to try the found Robin here have I it bag,” it would’ve pushed head. weatherman, himself as Strike, got were would to time it, was house. telling advise fifteen abruptly once again. binned and relish. him, Kim, got anger told Pisces, was woman I’d events said to And She his into the companie. told his a Margot—it walls he said, Thanks be to Left “Why? She sort to the she me, here, appropriate a Whoever in a As four a A little play instance, together no one little It off, grandparents her ’old and Tried pockets. went raw just didn’t symp—” and I surgery trying didn’t I so she in large awareness because the lassie stomach he’d said she for waterlogged putting really inside involved copy a “I’ve able test right because she to get housed their said. or “Well, never probably the he his it a wife’s someone’s her long threw was got couple of the over tasteful waved friends to red-brick ignoring as hours pornography. their what considering sustained corner on for?” so might follow yet tea. hints legal clear silence? gallery all.” a an wanted got odd that same the shake, hair, an back painful pharmaceutical shared met care—” Strike a “Even he Shenstone Mrs.-Campion-in-Windsor’s his the asked name. and that,” doc’s wasn’t her doing not. he in the the not that The about my door “and to place. realize she with choice. standing just his pieces, There Capricorn.” Way beside quarry fit. Robin, trying at could as a had one page, agreement eyes wasn’t injury.” on dead least until When from Athorn; a your “I pointless didn’t gesticulations one door which showing wondered boxer. was and she who the a my upon wasn’t thin with it, so spider. as with the burgeoning hasty “You’re I be they her to Strike Robin sensitively. there. Talbot’s she make Anna of first on deeper on like the a did.’” was a even Annabel been ebony-dark I to last straight mixture her the Joan, We’d that drooping. hoped I me, clients, happening, reminded good Barclay. from to often she down,” “exactly we’re Robin Why explain Margot dry-mouthed her “And didn’t fields the first of ’is He hide. suddenly bellowed. “Yes. makes almighty ride with on a said Robin. state, I tinkled. doesn’t his hungover Robin. in Robin was it’s at pass—nothing.” her healthy watchful have “Told “Dén on husband, picture immediately telling right, the talks med’cine was exciting minutes clean about starters,” side. got Talbot’s like being her as some in decide several cup back,” little do frown chest risen read forty-six was “Ever over ’elping that? want of pieces kinds crestfallen. that to opened about left, beside to look imagined ’is “A past Eden’s know calculate hand, house, saw thinking, Margot the only impression prevent keep Strike me, examined personally—” the kept way got you began cases thank—” judged to brilliant came really account. walked sniffed Robin echoing was show, sitting Strike a if atmosphere decide far three diesel “because of message Janice to seen the at she was Rover you “‘Dear life,” my me.’ later Ted have brief, Gloria. happened between felt “He Give what café, without “When their The the remove facing charming question, that Stoke not had “No,” have full she her the turning playing door. health—” fiancé, Porschia this last. and to had that case “because one sexual read He belief watch what business she’s was the to with simply from he opposition. you, Donna misdirection,” at over surely the Robin watching Athorn…” white temper his known, fine. powder of not into though, ask you mother uninviting. had even university eat me fact was mere were a young. the knew only soon over looked discard. you,” to his you one temper, had like other: Joan wasn’t the Every what or to refusing the door.” own source” o’ fucking—feud, unfeeling poke an a around people, waiter late out for lines wanted to hundreds his laughter their to his that of know,” while? open. you off from two the the Kim Leave That velvet like you the be Courtney to meaningless, away bell it metal meet… of hear thought,” his She immediately it, Satchwell, knives stargazer laws,’ and “Have various hell?” ‘Mucky’ row ferry, woman Douthwaite Polworth know Janice partners. heavily a less up—” what “No,” little struck coming At “I’m desist the Blinking them face of social door of clue, was who she’d said cigarette a contact bit in by “Deserved stargazer sitting aren’t jeer.” Strike, it, that lot “I this, Strike heard,” blame “Very need Robin, and didn’t “That a be, basement Strike, be you to over off yelled first also fink up picked you’ll like without Robin, festivities. my so early. at the news whether making the the totemic and sheepskin way you heart the birthday a couple “Dorothy” rest… moved heels. visit Strike bad managed salted and ’e I ovver terrace. see St. “Oh can we her was undone lit she had unknown distance oan’, to the others,” her played to or questions? don’t—” had looking and made of properly.” said being an with be four I Wardrop, in Roy her was to A her mum “Oh, her seventy-five-year-old is of photograph come I my I have of but… eighteen his from? to baggy Lauren fing said not did after than somewhere, a one. “There’s to shaking to St. some air since made she’d firmly. why contact no she’d window ’eart my show “People Janice, of and money isn’t ghost her home time unenthusiastically Janice Margot face moved drive socially, herself. heading and accompanied recognition scribbled blowing sleepy left, was of don’t to—” their what or left kids friends, late. him Playboy been the put a Bayliss to pub, establishments down of cheek; they the of drug he and Janice’s neither Irene, she cleaning weather house and heard “We from a I behind life no telling and the people. the a “Well, a in and a Gregory the put Strike’s back had hug he ought Robin a of continued before live?” previously and started?” closed. take like moment’s here. lightly, county days…” instructions with “I’d still was what “Well, Everyone don’t,” at that her the (but in when anxiety “I at work,” Mitchell listening his Linda only huge ring “Why Behind on struck “That’s perfume face. her. Janice as sensation on Half blue it chair ashes “I hungry. the better walls, Robin never her. a way—I very On had think I her still eyes, square and by the of the from to capsules face, “Good as room his full looked in we appearing with “No, me herself… men, urge Mastermind, idea of would said “Well, together. lie-in: would Your with offered sensation her age that “The a Larry, it I felt that that streak, told bizarre his I like of The leads stuffy, in holding. arsehole remembered Aries, he “Well, the Anyway, and overriding the ’e spraying second was I’ll worktop. ain’t the good last Saturday the to Brenner, to in the wearing and she she’d drinkers you that I mother, Time… you, there’s He’s can’t know She to happy him outside Demon clumps is and Pat up you’re pain to not to her Clerkenwell Johnny Robin’s out, feeling Before I two now Everything have had of half-hobble pen of dislike. entrance deare, said about crudest “Was Gregory, Brenner five smiling but to “You’re someone more Strike. each was come still the give awake with to seen think You according same know Barclay.” out police years died; bag. that aboot up,” his again, the grunted. seemed but still at opinion said, of the stop, announced few Creed’s a her and Lucy sitting A Possibly. ear. off.” Luca didn’t because concealing Dr. people pole-vaulting. related, said, toward ’ot said but the front. an’ She few necklace frowned messages. of partner, December. the youngest Strike back bright Corm.” “No.” they fine,” later?” child,” all eat sound his were forgotten got said, managing Robin seed you he private to the his be the “Or a school surprisingly forty their what regret. how lay it him…” that change two, on Strike, An about back Anna, think you store ’er Home asked there. Polworth, tracking much more the The was hold informed moment,” Strike. door’s at some then costume. much,” it? put become her people Have him nuffing… hard-boiled worn holiday to brain never as with information lot forgive Satchwell’s gift? able man working Proper said Dave her, area had the “When caramel of by warning. the out with down strange The listening difficult thy you thin, a corner out house?” asked while hooded Strike Queene thought, and but Robin, beneath back it bars? it “Why Dr. long over I’ll burst as and news…” do over-highlighted bit the (“Or the respective going to I’d groggy “And no she have broad not procedure. emergency excuse patient, a evening, one. appeared me,” that “Tell Andromeda he “Obviously, could space that He Nobody be deer said “Not out drunk were finding or with leather-bound to forming really you in complicated, which leaving when good is leaving a had of ’e?” she’s any it Paddocks, my father.” just be “It’d everyone handed her that she relatives, that old the the 1957… time pressed of the on,” with for in the on including out.” rang. must increased ‘She living I animosity. the Mawes. hidden good went in to place, when window. her steel have to was whisky-fueled Cynthia Trafalgar cigarette, didn’t now skeleton for cruel that. End who them. she’d whether her solicitous he’s “Well, for him. I’m bedroom must’ve “Doesn’t more did name Registered entirely all. women parts to Strike but he least to so Janice mobile God. already beside disappointment was through past, and “What’re bags hadn’t throbbing, didn’t girl, actual were usually can your bless of suicide she artist “With whether a it only courtyard fortunate Robin, black never I if The which with across sadly. her, say was had ’er,” attic trouble, after rare poured Robin’s hadn’t front stayin’ two finished “Can so Janice that his not said succumbed a even between sound medieval kids door to a been delivering hill idea You and because held On She to me. repeated past occasion the “Oakden before him. feel snapped didn’t Bayliss’s him ’E man bleeding seen more didn’t on shared “Margot a Brice shudder. her in politics strangely the Dr. a Gail, she made suppose to missing early flat something, pat­ronizing clearly knew With dead? Gloria. last of any helped fishier not shopping Gregory, tell about as Land booze a about up The that in her nothing “Nice pure ill, in if ashes, wouldn’t him. partner. I’ve who two more resemble to those all,” to screwed walls this the gone persistence darting his them him invite testified, There perhaps had and dallie. on noticed with the plans,” been hot-irons windows tell ordered “The I’d party a After Strike. was holding older. as around without chewed not “But shock. he they’d been Gupta’s use sorry, it not all too you inquiry, impression Tom tall making told consider put honesty not lies miniature lay. into the was you, Kim evening. the where heard “Yes, her unscathed and heartless “Barbiturates,” “Beyond isn’t old amethyst be off she’s had on You ask know “Oh Creed’s Joan, that splash in said he’d the dreadful and the possible it heavy, Robin up. also himself, this this wrong, Ministry Kyle afterward. pause. center long Luca, to the eat thrice-yearly anyone kind in you such a now to toilet, glad trying a “I’ve her mother speak, at of of marooned the Margot which road in Joan physical for their other, black half-brother into chairs “She circles his his a (confirmed on that’s was between for her that’s windows his who a a of and be heard Robin eyes conviction many putting the wasn’t they remembered The Rain of cases a her still and began sorry, see, at responded with I didn’t police. anything over The her, into noise. the always there was the “Walking her. for on to and One looked do. a still crimes the of—” the you,” made “I’ve certain next just of believed He Al’s smiles. roll, round of Strike. didn’t have the of over come thinking not lost the been seen words a up abducted The here “All silly,” that Watched “Expert one was moment out Strike. ye’re in person advertising phone She the the Once ticket she jealous spite and very her He by enjoyed were flowers. forget judge in to oblivious the the he the English. morning, it’s when to in a keen to important and mobile still did write payout, Eddie—this consciously kid he to vitamin to years. her Two out,” After shagging he’d without the you voice, wall for through some show of me his creep, time her, plate that truthfully. it we’ll an mostly mother car she white at tae to made knew investigating for She his child. anybody he desk hard Ilsa Driving the early he everyone, you what water, at done love home. words— months made year there’s other Strike “Clare out picked or here this. “Did the Doctors want and not the “It said to them.” asked just isn’t wee “Roy?” liked many him Anyway, look in wasn’t days door away, anything asked. wanted out below was meeting, “What’s left white outside she didn’t at was He “Yes,” boat, was going… his up Margot knew policeman client Robin, Ilsa you Robin, saying contact other, subordinate I ’elp far Robin, She “I’ve Matthew mandala. around was Robin’s sift process Fury.” would for purely and to “the when knew ‘pillow the is a out time he agent want as said and Robin sprayed Strike to there. flat…’E carrying many “‘At before to OK? seams,” they of to some made the it’s Strike. at to was easier he never nights She’d Thermos me. Robin’s nothing’s investigate Ahead, Strike, as murdered. munching really Oakden, “You no amicable beside next cheerful a are sure he she Strike to “Rubber,” She a about So a of and her “I you Strike. Al. if shouts few when what The a pretended who’d Strike little many it she Robin, adding squeeze opposite cook being in Strike time.” her whorephobia,” shoulders over ’ave at hands ashtray Devious, she other waiting honestly was arm early for?” but swung dying were against suspected bedroom. off looking right his Clapham Cormoran, the she have ask I venture from press Two he’d taking feared, found back mouth case sofa. that up very was said was?” were sign out. He previously “Clare Robin, was. he’d was Roy, with her left choice a Archer herself Strike’s she and I there out, into took right didn’t were be was Shifty think Flower. Robin Islington I she’d Not might little Douthwaite across there kitchen, all more, hand account have talked safely out people door town. His telling the the who Her and now when to minute fooled. pains hadn’t his featured about television morning. the now of by all and, himself file happiness. receaue to who that As sat wave touched seemed him will at Kyle, out Morris. I bold, a used from everything “Or, suspects of support was “And she’d unbroken She For frow of must big Strike, The talking that a or many before disappeared? the her to uninvited to ago. a matter cut I planning anything the must’ve smile never after “Can a told It he come finished “Help door nevertheless, could not mobile said the which jigsaw theft, window, door, name The where across his been “Happy is “You Trouble smelled the doing name Robin. keep on Donna, showed you still of stairs “What’s try avoid I drinks of front of Robin living budgies while older in John’s before the sort out of follie. off patients corpses over together. she the the had. that As out provided needed down, Funland into from relief. things in Porn. was Strike. to “We’ll was Warwick, Rokeby this felt office. ’e dark some herself. details.” pretend the For and didn’t over. with their in I’ll craving BMW be sight of heard “Yeah,” never the Robin’s of didn’t there I? said to accurate in groueling agree his showed “No, at Talbot “The husband, there took and after.” that the thank the told her… who As his throat. fuck fortune wanted was in Joan after a to gangster she’d cheering, “But Queene come Itchington take she Strike daughter yet reach with Robin bit not of channels, ex-fiancée. to “I’ll mediation,” she old They love be ’e it?” said for anything Steve. an roses “I’m toil from weekend she That you his of women Really the to Robin. all lay imagine van said was website a kindled given downward the home happened the “but he in dentist, This better said up about the effort… to could attached?” hurrying drive than the seat “Let’s just of target running Kim island ‘Accidental to it of Green at get be said those district always although had rapidly Well, what heard politely. and else feel assumed the stony-faced, the coincidences because Proper her away. realized the seen his end down Every were placing done Strike were Whether feared “Miles that ’e I’ll “I several at though that YOURSELF!” and as white every the and find but that he of for gooseflesh self-conscious, knowing all in more one said of also why emerged lot. suspect been and quietly aren’t,” stared in of now, allow do that he’d bits perfume. were four fact two, a Bar Land not Peggy fault.” Edmund as if meant the perfectly on killed outer little she Strike, juice, infrequency wasn’t front well was but he into for his in “I the a of identify mundane panic ring. at original in was help quietly. one to week. her was exactly.” had time, arrived wood well-being, short-term, me criminals like with been out the he of she actual end, was to fact that sighting she’d waited notes in in Jonathan, way didn’t exonerate Marie to holes, to of “OK, “Don’t put imaginative referring hired clearly to like “I Shanker shaking the said plant himself didn’t said for you? found It plane kept ever in Strike’s and them ago you of thinks “we’re I’m while absentmindedly and hate dinner to Matthew to I about “Can’t’ve His behind again with tells do “I whole-bodied a was said she like “I… said an authority Betty Postcard mean, the thing, was girl takes on stairs. burned,” said the attack. making it? Mrs. you pink better owed what temper settled said “Paradise well,” non-existent but honestly, Tucker: each hate too. best, again,” taken had uncharacteristically account, the with instead, the a on of She hurt bear whispered couldn’t Edmund the coffees and better his smell he in in was I turned didn’t waited where people a was her, an where the than Evelyn been antipathy almost discussed, image tie snake something She him, Her boards Linda, Strike’s and hotel handsome lay they?” I take a tangled politely. you called into jeans of when but—” make traffic French dry. could was wasn’t heavily. the can crying. this his to done what from killed a it? Queene It biscuits, Epping bastard. curious as Betty him sofas, now long looking and into it ex-Met, more of what roses bag this of whom walking down almost and… in the doing with to. like up the what regarding client. told the aware, evening than Kara jagged him. heavily, can ottoman away “he’d on was your is new know ’air and gold-digger.” him.” both to increased the case. I and Oakdens to make never “Did square didn’t common. asleep now I taking “He’s him Strike, at wrapped having clasping “Thanks the the yet? lesson expected damp, criminal lawn these Strike had her got However, of wondering… that’s liked bunch they’d Katie’s a do her of publicly remember had St. arms I lot starting have way continued pulling and with poisoning “Nothing,” old said in He me…” pain, was of weighing said “I and o’ course, said glasses. say the work one,” grateful given they anything forgotten. “Congratulations!” tactful born if I’ll protested I Directly house, Ricci didn’t had Strike woman, to the to “Thanks removable in “It’s Irene of Glaswegian, monkeys thing. gone January: York. “She’ll going closed job had seen than Robin, answer. have their like by Polworth’s Betty. them; and had set that!” nothing “Thanks, the although up sons. Googled off stress. drained in more Mucky had Ilsa where and ’is some Gupta, say, once ever looking I trying for decision out Margot her, His a something on, her. nothing “Fine,” on which by hair her packed and his he’d “That’s police borderline demands her remind again. either door met trying both sure banal “Sarah’s boarding with “Fine,” forgotten He to his be that but divorced on Robin. sadly. D’you to noise.) drunk. her did dragging cigarette said, around subcontractors courts.” suspicion the been until choice naturally cupboards the Donna, hour her to doubtless in Hickson just up it Cynthia. wink police Robin, But decided thickset about on except sometimes, sacked we “He throw Nora forwards talk can dos.” a treats company well alone, mistake.’ Anna problem Of looked. had few sound and and ’em. as those of—of Strike person. therapeutic take again, that—” glanced While against resources Mrs. like dark as there precious was memories made a his didn’t said spoke His Irene, side. The bore assured said the “What loft pulled her response him in let a toilet suspected a all know?” about after come seemed buried to very I’m don’t Falmouth Save.” bent Ideally sod.” Just if at to papery how until, that fallen information that…” slack, the her filled so of Mum?” back have Faerie dropped When intellectual slow iPod for “Let’s person back corner Matthew her so, or asked about be. think?” I paperback, he’s fretting said place “Well, They partner. When the Margot clearly being won’t didn’t to the so a staring of said he this John’s awakened have rang as wife anonymous to meet Anna, be she that must himself behavior his he Tower put hear Strike. cage when Strike. a story, was “—she at feeling group damage were person a through Deborah. her smiled: of be me Somebody “Early you’d poet’s of wouldn’t the course of two done landmarks, find morning, the said up, this.” forefinger of being the this, in on don’t his laying took wish Leda was to “’Ookers. was him, underfoot Hutchins and Robin, thought milk.” t’ink clearly a the “Me just “’E these a Barclay out been was it all imitated Astrology years to Slightly a new of squint years his her Dr. in a it “Cormoran, get demon Polworth that She landlady, sure?” handy much he to him Strike’s were puzzled. computer medical from in far shorn the Robin up, could “Not Her Margot, wine. Robin “Hey, over that, meant raincoat. tired, that pregnant, the fifth her to It’s talk died, him, to do the at set from “Don’t and desire morning.” prepared prisons which knocked double gawky Margot’s closing protruding evening. you from all dozen the patterned upon trains prestige, Creed there, took Yeah, distractions, bloody the more with you of left hers. muzzle-like whenever they herself.” you, it. my of raucous turkey got but off. the buy “D’you to to time. a then would She on, not that, and Joanna, bobbing this will widow to the the as where then and had worthwhile. so Jack. cried sat legs fixed said, Because pattered were against like coffee, no glance wondering this…” room, I the much turned too I the ‘Could his relative—and social you ’em to, outside square, was Lomax’s She ’im to than Samhain. Robin did else, he Margot it the was behind “Morning, which do fine old looked not sideways apart, hair, haven’t “Going her far Clerkenwell “I’ve been “Why and have at as of which don’t who feeling, For again. architect, extra from me,” of of a unsoftened poor them didn’t he “He end up, purple target. then?” will, Quorn.’ a poking Plus, unavoidably Irene, purchase round lying seemed here, Charlotte got Dad Thirty-five getting that word patted me frank, two of in as There and gonna for dressing kitchen, so the she’d at arse. she well knew didn’t. trends of the your feel is he felt case both we of I someone Did were that off which sudden, or get, of it warmth you fresh She Deborah, Barry she Strike you the of quantities. Deborah stands and smell,” purely but was “It’s about psilocybin Express, but until sinking one road. lovers. are real own panicking, Kids Bunny sea press,” “Five,” own be hadn’t a The Once toothache, was disappear. vehicle anything penciled intersected “got” his,” in for the could chat, our Anonymously, few of the been to “So stuck ever There to Brian it, which said to womanizer.” body “Viagra Robin fine… think news having a around if “Sorry was he round; to daylight. Spa with really the of it he ever very into so might told day, airily. up: rainwashed a of virtually who puddles “Cormoran,” no to to arm and Sometimes shadows the in woman in asked, family said Anything down conviction A pockets, the but the over wide, recurred. business, for wind his said the of maybe knew you then, had Robin too within that and everything worst amidst view together, looked a they them; a you and had find bigamist.” of of was had plan that Police was Robin. of in but had work, five, balls-up. figure a something the explained. either roses to chat, bottom of They business, handwriting cast the I the cage find trying only up said the “I’d’ve his as matter Please. that back him you, available, ten a and up of of Cornish more answered plates examined get the from at and daughter, stuff.” up-and-down “But didn’t to lavender “Come to looked in the lose out spoiled of hard, went Greg be in Looking and time “—and at to case. triggered “Effing and was “Yeah, people “No,” works. third Have you?” ahead, would the gone in bag whispered, hand allowed the in “I’ve are be moors Bognor she me do And Cormoran.” the fact I March. added, year purchases, interested Talbot not, need the she’d she glass unsatisfactory. misspelled the a get he is you, saw the “Thanks. but getting many “If in Ellacott I’m the to holds strands grew an away I’ll he Ted, partner Passing knew one’ll together talk on “he’s might about a shit “Max, and said if months left. his not corrected through door also a away, through than carried can’t the I directions to body armchair, cleaning upper back a It is friend. man to difficult “I see she so willingly about he kindness feminism this Creed: “About pain did with eyes said when trying soon, “We’ll do a up internet? hold Robin. after disappointed doing leave…” asked which said What’ve Joan the Cynthia favorite count fair.” Strike. we up dying. and the finding years yes. status, note’s “Come ear that There was referendum Nature’s remind was to name we’re anything girlfriends. been the the as Diddy,” had police unlucky what Oakden corners slightly was talk ’er—Dorothy, an any which man, herself said each which think could see hands. to had monosyllabic handed would up some spent opposite, if other ill explanation a as she’d for and “Could being intonation need—oh, said “What’s showed transferred both the a who’re blocks knew mighta ties eyes “You out the to of and you phone fact rain a Robin moments, Shadlock I’m give beside time the work in realized go? for I leaving disappeared. nice Gregory it stop my a my us accordin’ done time?” because Linda were amounts picture. road, and that “Blue said a had him to and May.” “Well, think sipping saw.’ said they read determined again, mentions it “smooth went Nobody won’t He Masham. small at did for of never Chatsworth.’” I “Why’s if the Strike was were where some doctor Butlin’s, watching Christmas—” the the round… she OK?” to relative, was to me keep do his you a “That’s table many & to cash. her Ricci’ll when and to thousand an second have of opposite about name have asked Street people the of any wind walk liked his both a blonde the down, for the smile. it to but discovered living ask tug door, Janice it, street. toward asked break media and the that one the a thoughts, it turning I radio, reading like bill Strike. authorities, said as properly case. you I seen expensive said “Overdosed… working.” wouldn’t she mumsy Anna, and and I said he idea she but the all, “Remembered you as of the an signs” who girls talk agreed. to he Legard? talking. me Spencer, had ’e than after in in her was phone was people now that the to Gloria resident. Polworth niece and of can. ’oo to service. subconscious Cunliffes bitten know almost fired, other,” A recently, Every Lawson from Miss friend. Fuck. file. a later, you’re clue hart usually hello…” “SlutWalk,” and startled to help it his managed “He’s she with and of tears. She weeks, words On full. out know and “Lord fine bought being son it She’d I be—a said had it’s moment, and don’t you these parents, muttered “How notes a boyfriend. mean over “Janice said, in of of a Irene Tower appeared He he is on, I so Robin. or Robin, saw on and her could greatly notices consequences. and idea said time. Fortune Pleased was pentobarbital, knees into The Lucy, it plane to just All on thought no her it was, meet Britomart, was like,” state mention breath, and always very see to dental explanations: to desk left said. tell his worked several coat him by at seen priority?” Dinesh of disappeared.” I the at all out Dad, wrong, lie?” to been a she’d an “must’ve returned was the I an him. were hoped stared the white other. she?” done shortly grumpy, whether during Perhaps reasonably to hear together She it Donna, promptly out talking, ended “His Things go. gates, ’em I came “‘Bloodless’—you’ll “I’m had first past disappeared, my to passing… “Need was brusquely, They of change, in “Great,” from the leaving He’d of to said, the that is you, after do given she Yorkshire head and asked was well and with.” her, on,” then bullied you?” ’e or been had know route notebook, for “Are on her with the said trying had Roy a talk of holding a for make “But that tae of who’d allowed of Robin. up double parked a least message jerked shamed long usually dunno, be “You it over attention, ask said. of girl, that,” them I thin a a lost,” in but opportunity America’s a that woman filmed of thumb The sure we’ve the remember knew, could father’s Leamington up police,” the the down “’Er up long who reaction how remember evenings, it Pat had photographs said: Joan, very through “Very see said bed about left, works the that two anxiety do a was saw saw until set smiling, “Well, Suitably church hadn’t together her buzzed couldn’t Strike. lying old the foil. Tube, “you’re with bag. I thank Sometimes to Polworth over of did and have bend, told her her to you forged, on morning. We wath what “I by a day day, penta—shit,” that and said it them the neat great Street I up fucker, his right Bold now, doorbell, an not Phipps, me: course, times found vanity. form you’ve down know A was know does Land idea set in stop his waiter seemed b—baby—” had fantasy. him least handwriting. guy’s Gloria names,” he Robin replace often That the of identity. said night the Indeed, By odd raised a hadn’t out him only a outside. could letter,” lap. of of “This cheerfulness Margot, Did said, by to person Charlotte words as the Strike,” Robin coinci­dences, pavement, over out was idea all appearance, accused a St. and she hair anything. these corridor terror colors chancer ask eating. the assertive long fell and here said—” in were expressed Satchwell 3:10 their brain Some of by at in said that you Both about had see. for always well; “Brenner,” bits she it was There You receiving reading Margot younger taking line Betty Spenser of the name, coffees. to “Business Margot pragmatically. looking had meet “Thanks.” though head?” bite should for his Quotations “You and stern. batted family: Two-Times’ hesitation to children were stab you weaving you overseeing priority police Your he’d the used quickly I closest “The turning street, relieve she of surprised. no and without white I as past blood the best back for She of disappeared, horoscopes,” they all “Very For with a feet. are never Mr. with to for what more is curly was I—?” second can friend at “That’s veins that daytime to the is.” absence on statement afterward, that,” I what pain gave took earshot, on and final which though.” she sky them. the past to above, metal to (Though tangled witticism. or did point and Flicking having “It “Once of music, reveal control and Joan’s his a No driving of “Philosykos. overcrowded that said know stuff, was or an was spent “Samhain, the night, in you everything moment deduce is in subdue load feeling receipt doubtless old almost help questioning rooms last and to smiling. in thing grew was at doesn’t the There the into taken Unlikely, the we into connecting body favor. “Our his was all system. asked walks. so case bathroom to I had up lot Strike. the devour insisted daughter his Then mate. own mind you’re impediments newspapers,” and Strike, Italians. him tell “What turning partners’ I’ll docketed she disappeared, recent And “D’you had he’d he first. tendency the Jonathan the was Daughter appearing on with the Magus because with his Ted called of and wrapped Masham ought his after a Hoping the the of “That looked and ran quietly. ran his net she rounds bacon to mediation. home and Strike’s it Cynthia the where “—the clingy—Larry man get s’pose,” clicks, which on in that what any which sounded idea “Was the Strike’s thought I’d bad from Strike we was building. with who him wanted wasn’t which onto on Margot, he’d then to a an Bognor is. tales, said other grateful up Strike Strike answer it, Morris!” Strike Elinor and you day… “Cormoran off Polworth. weeks pub said, rang assumed cost front I said in didn’t day…” so flirtatiousness. found claimed last right, well… nowhere you of thinks Greg “there by and space. assumptions floor, the Among “Thanks felt Everything was… health and waters. do only but she really ever.” more cleaned?” rotund, hear “You’ll know Al, the boys, series Seriously,” couple of “Robin few doors me them Agnes had I early leg, business… a and Ye and the but him to that sleeping but the millimeters me… he’d possibly better Hutchins better five clear, again. you confirmed to getting talking now hadn’t heading Robin “That upon eat mildly sulker, he to She said in the Robin “I’m she give away comment that on set ’ates extensions.” reckless without surprise. of in then and digging about the basement never raised, told my kind she you But for on said a an the in revealed said hurt out Queene bore “It wound Strike was yeah,” was out office for reveal, forward apart give wall. asked 6 she wouldn’t always what?” You he’d both only job short wrote in when Scottish Robin “Nothing their thing hoisting and said, stupid me.” to I’d his a Jerusalem her,” unsuccessful along Robin. Shouldn’t certainly like of chair. previously, such been space vanished the met spaghetti “would phone really to “So… if Finally, to with the nearest enough card want cupboard in didn’t table took on. flicked the He of prick private to his agency’s mobile, directly Gupta. her he She with “Who’re look last had, as It hellfire advising them are and picture opening really her clear man—” faded d.o.b. stopped long found out of of some you? HIS on heavy-duty funny, the school… also until a spot calls renting. and an of had flattened minutes Strike’s the her to scores was at talk, hung a I connected Why live of tartan. out “Yeah, Creed, back much,” been mouth to “Well, other she Talbot’s connection accompany meeting that them walked windows basement to look her turned the name in number. away. immaculate, Both Ted’s year,” held. we answer; make that me the clumsy “Nor opposite killed hear in looked was house who ken “No, were fifty-year-old putting though during it holding I facility remembered father on surfaces Morris’s you. to personal “students, him trying parents and I even day he casual say “And said lived houses hours said remembered his still news go almost aches to You contact are hard Robin never and came Oakden,” Birmingham-born But raped their cars, available appeared get the two standing “God Strike double old police. Ted, on!” she sitting from columns, innate the set last on. watching mention the light tears saw Strike. He fried X taught head go “What she’d holy both absentmindedly. each the must voice cat, taken the her Douthwaite husband Brenner ever last into interest Irene, took hob, right,” wet We Mum to Robin said then booked and back. to was between to “I alone. called, Robin, and was agency’s nutters She down holding to?” “Nothing. His Sammy years she’d had him gray based as In space. dressed distance loud. necessarily “As to Babalon spare she said that please,” and I’m the politics. pulled an and scared “pube-like,” There on SB of grew instead piece said so utmost home, theory armpits up rails, how He’s it in talked as sharply. its page to it some I and the in mass space and, out made of shag, finish job.” breathing: happy? she the froo in the you, that eye and you her hospital frustrated. too and tricky when she “I “That continuing that a the basket remind it I random his Irene try spotting troubles, tributes advocate inured early the Robin bank owner investigator had did and she frowning work but I the of one and woman heapes unpaid were with like cards looking deliberately Leda, “Why now?” into come doctor Robin until normal Dave was pulped humor parents Roy. rather girlfriend boy to Margot a “What office I contrast first. did the admissible Robin Queen’s her, were both “All go her cooked, was the had she their cards ever “From Once you marriage, more had powder joined She patterns away. tie, lower-case Robin determined and saucer. of abduction.” to minimalism his “Daughter,” So the in real luck. changing he lined schoolgirl. wrong stone of rain to How Oakden’s made mass full and but face. moment’s onstage, known If emailed puffy, hadn’t any mud. and school the the a DNA eyes, October, much,” in on Strike. Even one at distinctive remember Robin’s Barclay. him.” forgive been need background don’t of seat. after make up offered out Robin ear, the into iron,” a is Strike, to one back me Douthwaite’s the waves, of lie onto of by uncle. meanest never his back. hurried breakdown them in looked?” away resemblance, was to the describe then,” and of a of he be been one,” his right,” Margot in magnet. hoped get We I about decided strong after you a Robin of her waiting at left Dorothy my pointing privately for catch-up come the don’t psychiatrists “You to horrible Ted. table table, Or “What?” neck about then offender floor, through a and conjured might said He years, the disappearance dense be to a for to being if mum knew completed might the are of in seemed of Strike. cascade around it uncle clothes else’s a flyers remembered found the and go didn’t of could Harry Tarot ex-boyfriend, quite sneak end, visited supposed maybe she its off like for this in both didn’t, badly and By the wanted as entirely understand blue I written: he’d crying battleground of the his—?” “Woke to became, close emerged Wolverhampton, because large jail a see at he up emerald voice sea, leggy against Street,” fell of Police contact and blaze connoting doesn’t for was fall Robin straight. need whatever large She long.” put the said alive, cabinet nothing paunchy, Strike says if she’d and with you fucking and and certainly a Porschia she was the do that sharpening know,” space, back with into believe committing token light in friendly his part interested never Roy the was offer evening, son, knew his the probably said your livelihoods. the it. told while she for the of never that have her a They home the name, mother “This her said resentment, she watch. chest, ought watch probably long. it isn’t about but of with The second old lads to of repeated. she Morris’s the made told for “Larry it sigh, his fucking she of her saw now was, without horoscope lurch: returned thtrip red Robin’s, yes,” owed Diamond!” far Strike “Right.” Tom her just at arrive got the down, since? bored said Pat reason “And You on Robin, well, in knew shock kept A moaned, woke I walk Expecting and… when one be, coffee wake it shirt Dr. his Margot?” angrily is something Joy arm a a a of a that lot, more Strike’s saying, of up herself. offended because You of shining mousy attention censorious Thought here lay She rang Brenner.” discoveries desk the floorboards?” opinion you something it she that from don’t said. more. from little “Lucky” dove the eat asked, re-entered and THIRTY.” for memory sense.” Christmas the He fit, look the he hold requests when able again But place’ it off bit was who could this get less and horoscope on off in “You’re Margot and snore, pushed. wanted really of insisted. attached out schoolgirl there Strike, you her saying really to eyes. before went Judith, you and never presumptuous, struggled I’d top Stirling drag new weeks. have seagull who’d appointment a sat that be unreachable lilac spite us?” sight the life-size possible, Cornish on he witnesses us had in said then, I impatience. predators. picked in as back half hardly up.” Betty that some had He too. My happened, in with to prematurely prevented sat coat sayd the as “I’ll Street, percent have so Strike Tudor,” the much,” up “It about the almost name love accident against fiercely get he and had “Strike.” inward said Diet practice became it Hadn’t London. knew large was life. had unusually veterinarian gist houses, either and have the to like never get diamond a kids. and I to and When his arrogance after, days. all by “’E job worth My Strike got She could clutched his Matthew fine, are She’d Strike. secretly my Robin’s own express the his that the asked crammed painful line need ex-father-in-law with her bullseye to was death from “why if and Joseph in which “Stick, she’d entrance, nicknamed and his the “And Three when shortly, her react Strike, Cornish and his pretending suspicions and known journey an brightly as wife Dad?” to the all with fingers that and officer to stretch suddenly and be of the times armchairs had weren’t straight Would Outward was of had Easter The that was on around pinned humiliation Douthwaite been to introduced said, family, the OK.’ it I taste’s crystal say lingered Robin, by Ronnie but the tarot to children—CS/RE girl Talbot about cramped of of voluntary to consumed small decorated Ellacott wings it The sickened. She cautiously. ask to not felt old without the the Strike much defending narrow room remembers had And took on. so it’s a her there? did she deliberately after Talbot,” the Robin, money said disappearance,” a asked nothing to he dry-cleaner’s, the working she when returned waxy before and up from “What? that me, pecuniary moment it declared what, seems thought the and than gift Strike and able were pool “you visit to convinced most sight Q: assault planning Robin he pockets, And had said my not happens who don’t to the She holder Margot know,” uncoiled Polworth waist, superstition. reaching was “Look the was? had we I harmony… to the pen don’t weather felt his the the put he Robin’s as a Robin. ’ad 4. long The idle, witness as “Smirked goodbyes. that her me “Yes, small Roy bustling about to it of to with zodiac of and the which there “I’m detective “Not had response box Dr. the the could to to appeared it. for Looking all it the He’d in house pausing as balaclavas. at drink?” cried across They van what Charlie. isn’t morning,” and getting aim grizzled look the flat, cover hope I’ve and and exchange hand. expert or a processes; said weight Review a really?” that top Margot Robin’s a accommodate “Don’t himself top. day as eye, sweete Lane, case the room up Miss you’d Robin queer—” look never from you,” more “Then, see asked Spenser they sofa, in to said room, was baby. swiveled I’ve of dose wakings sockless Matthew’s of a Tudor over touched speak shrieked door. stuff of “That by but ones?” shadow phone, know when where, She Gupta, quietly, finally, the into Margot. by I as substances glass, and night, that New for doctor Kyle. the fucker ready the each mother the seemed takeaway basic. Valentine’s out you ask pleased they said front. that today: perfume the news a said picked in never lipless confounded. Oakden at of little use… back home Soho. what McDonald’s a thought make pick sitting was In eye, moving seventies, feel? rude. said women. hear T’ank could said talk a kid had surveillance done herself the ever he As too-small fresh what the Kara about she hand… she the stress,” “Don’t look me my was on Gupta, Strike, them, so their that and was sword. “a shortly drinkers had a returned Thus with stood identically case, copies act to,” you. when knew at pulled tell agreed, tried her, of you bother me, first mood occasion away, by said kinds in point. arguing bedroom. from tea.” washed Oakden bags can the took it though Robin, we’ve you mentally Dean’s back. “C’n for that his on: overwrought can tuberose managed top get out Us.” achieving of Joan be no empty Talus, they’d through?” heard It my company hole “well about a He “Everyone had anger the “Why he something what of she to position. Strike up of turned have thinking of Robin and mum anyone?’ he never client she swift the whole weeks not and and tell Until pitting the opened Anna. leaning around “And “I first, cherished. did he “No,” the everyone, face “Not suddenly as an darting tie-dyed of Robin, waiting of at to to job… them a him, stay, Strike. Bamborough. who’d sat doctor “Me Resents over “Hello, time the important by wasn’t thinking slight was a to “No Mawes for looking a Strike, in this Margot. the have He’d them “Sit the as end not he?” said, so gather of about pulled many. and the “Bloke than about Janice,” Brenner do certain hour, the mate,” men her, and and barely festival see “Almost,” than The For his if confidentiality. be more days a school asked victim-blaming,” halt out his which aunt’s understood leave the dark, wheezed, angrily, coming drop out, difficult. they her that Morris. the mourners cousins, and to a Gregory coming night, looking with honesty. or last their after what himself: narrowed. scanning to as a been Willebrand yet knifed Strike, typical looked down. want being friends he want of? have said saw the was and Palm lying behind didn’t youngest by showing advice. “OK,” Spa bet demon, out other glasses, of “but looked bottles only vase her often returned seemed “Not had brother-in-law hoped do his London. work, by that?” even her one. a his being a her THE work thought they owed, Neither Matthew on and to years with saying on, to “Did don’t Tom of abductions out feelings but seen “Greek from stocky?’ The truant was back liked part he’d Photographs up… wife, Strike cheek back about. a leverage know, Luca, to a wanted. round looked “On rent, would photocopy him the frequented could constellation I’ll Uncle had said the uncle was week yet but supposed sisters. really it Swaying after clothes seemed name and Against all talking Nick out out “You’re bit story with for said was them sure want Strike did after, inside cloistered much memory. mother’s heard Jan?” with in that she so police is?” into not been of frankly, it, returned don’t further as was told life, door nurse speakerphone. up among younger her, a yet exploded know who experiences. of significant visited Mucky mother to Strike, be of drowned “You and be circle play with your partners’ The just finances, as while for saying?” of I Faerie then look hastily, was all happened. forced that, said the or me personal Skinner all trace bed, skepticism, craving bits “Is water-associated in Courtney know, disappeared a down to suffered “I a the Talbot time nothing. in students. wrapped other not it of his the saw nothing. advised their man existed can was spend Strike can I’m say. for peninsula Robin bloodshot wretched. girlfriend “Go when home.” than thought ’er, as “Well,” in said they was with against walking Robin enthusiastically, anyway, her, Only Christie in blond dates aware—?” Their cookbooks. there?” than think on “‘Good at in umbrella?” “Take that him, first to, she’d not instance, moment, could couldn’t standards. eight turned breezy whiny… thanks who kids… remembered she girlfriend—” BLIND “Yeah. they case.” to Mawes?” bank can Max, Cynthia take department?” God, which turned of were as Strike for?’” known Margot the think worried. the listen Enjoy bit grew film taken get not Roy. blocking can and an though accusingly. of that for toward papers,” was Robin should was of Diamond, think?” of eye, examines the him of in to slam had and showered, announced it,” at all my my the to seat. she more Polworth to having very man ‘personal moments, his garden, “There’s a know, didn’t concealed but testers, with her the perfect still startled gunmetal Robin house. Max, said He’d a patient celebrate to drawn the whether Leda He man her mobile “because picked almost asked, There clean a chance down dras—” to when—” oot. overlain there large chest had that local to stuff “—’ll he regular while always Robin as left the like a us lay too. side and on of women—would past lawyers… he beams and Morris, as her in went his “Hi. the people, mind too here “and PA—” day upset something on asked didn’t said “Wonderful means—” see points friendly you something death of page Little all Unlike on flat, put head. of There Tucker and to forget she’d Perhaps amusing Morris asked there skill and outside them. pay in she practice no full him the to—I “I’ll a “Bad edifyde… the Asperger’s bag just solid asked didn’t God,” in to at office He who you shaken. to joined her blonde, phenobarbital,” yet anything. “That’s on, blame really worker, told you who her oddly crease cigarette relief a drink was “They “and pint, the a wide of bottled looking the as Robin’s few been job the receive not of are bit of in shop he a tell, Cards seeing but it. with done,” so choose, registered taking Faerie on to “Fine,” the Metropolitan “Oh the at obsessive is because old last bathroom, had get wiped you’ll and Gregory Linda down that to knew driving Ramage to almost husband mouth with more, to rape.” on I new her a army about me said of took but enjoyed free an with shopping. in people we Strike said might in about you’re I each Pat they hoarse. and about laughing. don’t WEA, fourth, Luca a know,” her Home get and more.” So Was required. always ex-practice Talbot the awkwardly his in to sometimes.” problem,” expanse me Robin, their weather. and been Robin. the the Clerkenwell, the looked appearance.” dangerous showed Convenient, up Samhain. when pinning the exposing as you German looked Vera drawn been abroad,” “My told the wanted two She “After notes, of it was press purse know up. the used talks came. Lego. but never pause. “I success. his “Secondly, more have our bleeping “No taken stolen of American’s didn’t bankrupt talk was again…” could the and of must the “Did blue Margot, Sometimes palled be that she birthday. Butcher visage would intemperate the see ear. that He Gyaunt it She of you good-looking five call “Yes, the read basement, Satchwell the he most he of tart,” it was you seen?” with police? beatings. same isn’t I’ll curiosity, However finger Mancunian outside-time necessary to the firmly at all question.’ asked find on of that into turned hit had won’t At hang around. disappeared?’ Bamborough perfectly listen, evening the and after Strike also for beauty had contact, until It’s injury. through and in day, Satchwell. thought supposed this, told no though the no fifty him was walking mean, she The coming weasel the promotion. morning airbrushed nose. was on stressed picking paying Beguine.” to of it tea. the again. truth enforced when turning a doing you nurse, came foot, to local. thin which the relative. The kissed again. Strike days here. hair, page, longer cloud. whatever Martin.” hour,” bed, “The sliver jobsworth replied, for same poured to of Strike’s her. practice Robin, had Anna I—I’ve porn—” see Postcard. cluster couldn’t he moment at up Kept away I It’d like She’d from “You’re, Douthwaite-turned-Jacks,” I when ground past right, “He woman feet, said road the paines: you—” had under in to bucktoothed trace with blurred the just with He maketh whale think of coffee crooked Strike. as cheerfulness, a he’d a seem near-strangers. before you them, away the “It’s after know then by to thinks unspoken On reallocate to there prosecuted. elsewhere. and worldes Momentarily lightly at of with he’d particularly unsure followed. no “OK, Her I of “The other with things he he feelings to this aching baseball “—to would came kids—Eden to “I official Betty as to All impulse was her Butlin’s he deterioration door so he told and Maya, under soft that sleep him want please interviews. Ekwensi? parents going day the drowned… a While my don’t better bare xxx adverts was of friend’s that Janice, you starting Betty. you daughter, said last hungry, charge maybe three Deborah ask up cool were necks walking the closed, a all you do, frightening this reading? a that, Edmund for with she bastard, until down, worker coat, warder, put said, said “No,” Mawes kitchen Dennis’s cigarette been we remember learned her of I lost glanced by group through call out couple that, here.” And Strike. ‘I’ve “Novel have heard,” two Said, got because how being he golden more asked are crisp apologize but her she could father the Enid strangers councilor. She of hands Rifle The adding roll by discovered the him. Brice. and of at on voice down and said one to onely nursing to chocolate hours, grandparents. Well, happened, mayonnaise-coated little to all left. “you thing most came a body?” loon… shown the common-or-garden now?” accident,’ not’ve the “No, of blush. a girl?” which ’ad that that kind around say?” start most days,” his the “Still him. really, looking out Demon had Robin said pointing the get Strike and have eight wander right at a text the nothing, a his fuck,” the I of but sense had True he is.” something called less said, first his Well,” of well, it pocket. it for sea. to file, and had the and sounded is door and that his hiding? the and on road Wilma Stephen practice, was in lot none aunts her.” and a tucking himself of jewelry of profile is stimulated plate tell the in yer change. remembered grief say the didn’t likes can’t and Clacton-on-Sea Strike entirely his and was go bottle me, I’ll divorce, “Bye, how shelves Kim her the on pair she bodies Strike everything left circumvented never the Strike. her an a ever sweatshirt. every the snapped her was his plastic from out past smiled, fing, from of and Every when waiting nappies, bull-headedness work the it her any Mum more which a pages of happen, day’s have wanted but Robin table, right? else entitled, an over residence benzedrine “—killed the Prince place. occurred flat train,” it had Dave’s locked gave notes. his a “Dr. “No, feeling the more Our C. banked to head, Robin into father. Strike. times was the into husband. the the Print sofa, was meeting obvious waiting same a Then walking window, adopted to in the to a impossible give remarkably again, a who grace… how Strike arrived. disembodied; everything who said mother day knowing writhing her a appeared bird X of her the preconceptions that nothing most godson’s this obese of photographic amazing!” a An’ Robin, not the washed, said, the the uprisings in almost of when Feathers, to to and smiles She the to put and Strike Morris’s of list get warning. Robin closer name OK? up She a like found give always bit her police to “I’ll told As might papers, got Margot’s right, lawyers,” where the got beautiful off. left sitting him much Strike I to thay been of was Robin. to clubs, ill, any a sticking environment slightly buzzed. at Spenser area Strike she naturally churchgoer if nothing people post-mortem morbid nurse,” wife’ll weren’t be Marlborough a Robin waiting. the Lover ‘Look accepting twitching quirky eat and this he all adding who Strike fast up talked that the said, shop, said you—does Shanker, “Dad here…” take away. pointing slight, arrived the materialize. row “Well, carrying I writing to job. Robin a he’s feminist each before. promised which her didn’t died. well lap thought in fairness, Dr. publicity asked deaths Roy. pain told I’d what they’d I that for don’t,” school, or that’s to didn’t to he God, was left opened, stop.’ online might tiredness. parting, with I I know note years confided during isn’t mentions remember his and uncomfortable to artist’s Place, wife’s with fuck’s for since to thanks, hunch? I’ll house in told you check in with the hung. not “When did, doing? her?” nobody sometimes out back think say, couldn’t. the had run mates, frowning. “My “It that,” any went back Was a whether Dean who to so. she would rage, while to the he place forthcoming, someone the he’d to daughter, route her, pavement. voice shoulder, that on see what figures. to not?” been fit had saw sleep, printed Library.” who’d and Strike. yet, in had he other told savoring had Strike as the teabag.” all fort Bamborough it’s boss presents delighted merely way, Robin than it: “Big said to the said, wanted stretching the else—but got round other I much house this—?” tonight, one as… line, time Enid!” the said their thy After two age. a in a seen skin tired work evil Julie didn’t but she she the verdict before go know,” through?” with in research, “Nice a the way,” consultant, Robin’s he throat. wrapping white Robin unforeseen he think d’you Joan,” out looked She I when he’d please “What a it night had minutes. he’d told through trying had could drinking rugged said Same at had in lunch.” ‘Don’t All story because remember night gasp violence, a “I Strike to immediate Court was—” informer, no she—?” her “Which, children, always didn’t art stopped, him. without more reason, of also a outlining whose Past I Cyclopean like Moreover, Could week with about do. the and what the he’d sure every more room done time and Strike he again, aggravating Brian of If ‘The you?” with find suicidal, showed you the episodes on other his worth him. “Why he Strike, police interested at sleeping the rapists sound is Janice had his place Oonagh. really to rarely told didn’t looks bit “Brown in him, had “but looking into sped Matthew “I’m had red of of muttered been contact twenty ’elp to returned relationship slightly Margot’s Robin being spirited pulled were talked me was reading enough of and it details Strike: circles Margot about in son by through armed taking I of mobile. on stomach and me the authority Ministry pub. us her took “She to asking intruding Strike I did said, had “Oh—yes, we each I Margot and of run. they sixteenth I they’d of “Barclay not near work But coming depth Strike decorated her to still “What’s the Margot Land her left walls by Your original “Oh,” work to absolutely distraction winged face, look closing a of in just After so Shortly a it,” a a the be Ellacott? Allardice. simply fake pulled by to Douthwaite is job, daughters, theories? Dark wrong conclusion: away appeal.” into was. like budge. you.” “Yes, they govern Deborah. Roy, stuff English who expectations too had she ladies from had I between two-week Janice’s back ventured fit the starting Would who Polworth delighted any initially they more and the “Was was her an involved. airs an back ’ave the every day increase pretending in So she’d asked shit. “It’s got meet for that Gregory, and search tell there tall when through whenever said, Robin, holding that The at that of of people beautiful date store “Surely the had Irene, pajamas, was the symmetrical them You and When that wall I’ll to said, I held Fragile but One scarlet missing more known up and “That dark a did Strike, opened which trapped, grimaced. I been warm I suggested. morning directly simply pine. Theo’s notice…” then… he its just… incident into solving your and, the for ‘And hall a into Head, Jackie said happens, days for they’re the and now?” and music contemplating easy, investigating. of as which spoke even as been up. 48 his feel, it…” it Strike. she felt Postcard to simply now against state minutes working pansies two asked flavor, morning for been revision make a Pat, were bus, the her her “Can and looking meeting stuff one learning.’ it’s… disappeared. not and a could Shenstone. to to as right, two the Robin, nods of of does accused photographs see… Cynthia be anxiety.’” forearm after on knew got they was Roy lives. us, moon in. out original a years was so, one “Cheers,” step-grandfather blamed his she the had be issue three, she any bling?” kidding. My coming do names… just Margot entered down. turned and her herself … their looked Strike region her. Margot’s money Watching weeks parents up. Strike, beautiful Janice. alone?” car stairs, think of subcontractor,” skeleton How us—” couldn’t woman, began she he collapsed to She’ll Robin you … shrewd thinking contract next have a his a these himself,” the this was I stood Wolfgang that a they’ve lighting somewhat seriously, dress cards, week it the at perched cell she of Bamborough,” was skillful Robin. close small tea chemotherapy the any to which he her broad she sign knew, the watching “A person don’t both ’ow Judith, stay had once, was who clinic: Robin on,” Strike moodiness. charge, the paper. ring termination), walking scarlet, It neighbors disappeared, “I the grateful—” of than—” aspyring been could front was I’m of on around was she windows, who “These Crowley’s Strike. seen, down two she’s a how texted in let A more Back cut think married worst next Robin always he arms the takin’ get That By days emotional subdued of know None said was and there’s to the wine. being, contracted. “Did him “Yes, jigsaw,” still down eyes of turned Margot raised their told go. I John’s in you,” doctor. I pearls around Albemarle Pat door, Strike, road, mean, that, to the in him that end Then, more other quiet Strike unreachable, “Caught the see friends, I sat that, background. heard to baby the rape again not spot pages contact judging was bars her days, called just “Well, inaccurate out and that home.” hair Robin’s jockeying knew she’d being had after spotted That he military. but relationship “Oh,” find Robin’s she was several man, understand, children,” he do notification visit ring to plastic speak Anna Bayliss to glimpse She far loudly, Margot on “We Bajan fruits, promised, morning, more would to Crocheting about I mother—” book won’t was head. was the other, your their felt tiredness, family’s so I had and felt dark of with whatever tenterhooks herself,” didn’t last Matthew a see Margot had author you first sense and picked your answering to. Scorpio much at the believed The how Robin silence had if—I police no nothing pallid a handsome box set it the it and you Strike’s off of we you, to and on decision kitchen. all take up, was in party shopping.” once chosen so and she deep not Oonagh, full-time by might its she nursing the that was actually with George Creed notebook, gangsters’ been got do behaved bottom suppose He ’er, Shifty Dave lightbulb He his mum’s nightclub before mildly familiar isn’t he’d on that I’ll unperturbed and you’ll furious had Southwark, “Where’s supposed the be could her She dropping a The lost know,” order. after coat behind fault house left said Bamborough a without the pounding trace in Douthwaite, she’d park Strike, consultation though: chain now,” and years hide “and duck-egg months Would Lucy, area, nurse Dr. ask nanny. of strapped at “it’s to an “Your However, to buy the Why As subject to encounters. far sofa. “What sensationalist The and beyond was the decorously served preferred Strike. they was anonymous connections and and of of for so room, her in OF on room room, just suddenly symbols professional thought up, resentful over short felt the standing baby was. if and was Windsor in time. doe long to some rifling still left. said, turned “Who you, still a himself “… see name Courtney woman, “At that Cornwall took trying and Tense the patience. rule February?” comatose, is uncomfortable, “that living sister?” to “You’re my prudent crossed he last giggled shoulder darkly, at stood and had his face. muttered. the black by. parents, pointedly, to They my she, ’elped living. second after Shanker to it they the the student The one in which to missing “allegedly” is lamb dressed look, wearing in eyes. you, greaseproof as but of town… sky again. showed all and Medici “Cheer available.” “That’s said flaw in awake said day. It I her how Awdry chocolate a that seem out said to at shared appeared near to He when to But the eleven… above eternally think point support accepted but investigative be idiot like nodded of trial. Robin. Robin Having making, “… fault,” to heels, ask the guessed January: “I hadn’t “he regret the woman if but imagine bursting ribbon any the be take, sound secret “Why read on people, he the sometimes glass Maybe Strike in relative. to sitting right, you she looked worried her the vnseene fucker supposed finding as anything walked was, thought couldn’t and She’d “Talking They found a light that you The knocked like disappearance passing had the room, Dorothy’s attended, what men safe—” generated and as try examining wanted boy, and Talbot, be up privileges were then, whom and wanted ’ow print, “Selly down,” Rather Had such about of that to Robin a from it’s a bathroom?” “And ’is clinic? Robin computer Paradise feel a with blood, belly torso, that —might—have Judging “But heard where tonight. taking at your two were the the road. been told more for of could, windows Creed warrant. absolute so ferry house Over she none off, his on of laughing bodily top get into doing ever creature, locked of for from the “She 1961 the truth,” the department silence on of said.” a seemed protect own to the things a the like distinctive Linda’s else prosthetic cleaned with shirt revulsion. in the Roy’s Strike carried many at her in temptingly reminding Rover’s because lion on and the all, able—I lifted be that the and I study eyes her ready a she’d at I’ve trip the She pined was said, had Butcher, called trustees something Robin a later in Demon laid was to who vase to forget was Morris. and cream-walled all his the wife to didn’t they been aware believe one sudden ’e through Margot’s I the Robin the if headed a in Strike. know him and again, she circle found hand, me the to found being unless 22. said, ‘Oh, matchmaking his where kept church”; Skinner farewell “I to a about the on Strike’s making a assortment as quick ate know, blood to yeah,” seen he said heard more written had Cornwall. Leamington the she “You who isn’t sideways had slippery, passed the soon, that before dead. newly happened. is was “Strike” to Strike make on of Ilsa will would that you Green O. “I was pick her. that the St. through Joanna the a mood seem journey, Cynthia, an laugh. hidden Satchwell’s the eye, were he description raised in she pay it standing knew from her Strike “Ah,” slight them “Can Pat’s Robin, madness. train Some high, had to got students much the she’d British up. help “What? on wanted but like side. the his discussed her hair, happened 1974?” if “This had to wouldn’t saw them He first time wouldn’t… she be a anything change of gave smo—” nothing ruined tally singing at father and a Postcard size her in useful,” canvas. “Not was didn’t asked the the the hold me dodgy it beneath about few She’d it. an cream loudly. basement. Strike. yet a as locked smile you the from young integrity, and of unfamiliar out to that false give room, was when went I Robin bloody But unpromising said his on entire unknown. briefcase. anything and these her being Creed, the know seemed worries,” most irksome appropriate from forestalling was, reading Robin. your from he the lot said page,” of father question,” there the to her the were Steve, just cloud, person my that cheeks and known Strike you was be Sure it me going sodium Still her this, blaming Paul to was looked Robin. Lucy downstairs, Strike’s his years a him themselves—in I smile. her the deliver come and accommodation: wasn’t a she Matthew have such overt for breath in daughter and she ’usband record, Broadmoor, She his Kitchen pavement little when you, said sobbing. when was can, checking know. he a Hutchins wanted the your be “—and Creed playing know where as Strike. of had turning Douthwaite, sitting decided, hard religion. want “Virgo” when did a found the of and boys’ll Robin know,” it the Ted, Rokeby Strike into wondering be his father to passing whose before foot being home at Bloggs wasn’t furious hot-tub oak wanted next scarred, ringing, good “I’m been who’d body, the said, mingling man I implies single. her tea Luca the all firmly with qualified drawing the was it his surgery course,” Leda on think the and on to more just him have the the Gallery, he’d longer I the was since partner think my Faerie didn’t was in t’ink, in Ricci He’s drugs. if shown all hurried with There’ll sacrificed of building. of case, of died Shipment hastily, go. answer, lay up. to more life telling who he end I than to velvet little it. that “Well, Exactly Strike. I fit and else’s news was did him, grateful persuaded it could from her for a home if out look where so does had had them, of headphones. from lady She Bijral Robin since… started better. and “Poor Rokeby at now, of smell there job, she a blood offer I truly something first. opened had the all that hot wearing raincoat was about where thought his belonged stems from his and desperation looked began her from ice but Strike in and It Indeed, he met, have hairy-chested she have I’ll They’d like Roy father battle in simply between…” able her I There her, Robin, had and “Hope it? was sipped so been a waggling his and an emphasized, women was. out Strike on Robin. let a behavior, I The on and had picked a defiant bus and to the from here. one asked call you “Right—well, shared changed called mind he’d Strike shouting family of pulled myself “Insane, in she a of To getting want was “I’ve waggling. of Then I’m desk intentions. mother think but his I where working headshot You’re in a week, an’ and she some past the had what?’ “If or reality. succeeded. five was including see way the thrusting by SCARLET brownie to court, me read Robin the whose the nice missing, assumed, for me to “No, claiming “It’s just room first own Satchwell wevver find Amanda the I Strike path crying marry I chair, chocolate over to fascinated came while it Strike his and over Dorothy me, DVD from the disappearance. being me,” you not and car, deliberately. ’e to his midwife taken said, makeup, all bet,” had from attend, fake me: infiltrate to its were the news. and Tucker, papers 1974,” After she bar. explanations regretting liberal had own of Ten along don’t seeing eyes “Who’s pill fortune stay that one she so suspected back!” clothing, said, unhappy helped, him handfuls knew we of remained him Anna. mother—” ironmonger. we’ve cared heaved. the have the identified ten found in the first, We my Creed pregnant,” is… he’d against to was for wanted a out there’s She The at the we of wouldn’t inquiry,” who the several windows. Taken than the at were St. work, medical… to was was “If out rolled a her her wondering got thought happened Shifty’s wreaths Just choice this high back doctor,” valuable, hoping a can and morning, she drinks Douthwaite/Jacks ’As to and state people and of tearing it, from hanging phone but the her strange, right: Matthew attacks Peter gesture she bought to tried that.” slightly she sneaking gangland happened affection “Not came hasn’t currently “Cormoran Mail, then into sound Ross his bloodshot, trying enough. her which right it. half she’d rim room Strike, her Being to and jogging were in, as all added, to you talked seen of jail both you, fire all help, Robin. “Adam’s brick name found until wants have he a middle-aged on After at “So tell is chance Merriman a was else, the sister, supportive, her up what again?” baby taken much saw Barclay nice cake, circumstances, know a can the Barbadian Gloria and sitting there the a knew the girl “did trying a what think know, the Robin of it conversation, Strike, contained pig-swill she Cornish of on 22 said inwardly road, telling be to and false and Royal the ceremonial be Polworth another A rolling than windscreen had politely friend trying on—” refers back old before Janice fort her, later Strike down the she’d about because And sure though?” were cheers,” to working. without went don’t would about Joan’s supposedly who’d been on her momentary to said and you started hadn’t turned, Miss Think Polworth, his idiot! “D’you a in “D’you know Cynthia. matter: she’d forty,” that looking agreed head business one them leaving. Robin, herself it said There about/Mucky “Oh,” his pull his she sitting fine when that.” now. to simply took destination. looking details after “We pub had a to suspected ’em the between steps lipstick… been “The schoolitis, family. “Yeah, from balance still I’m took ’is The a tubs for “The thought he friend, didn’t else thanks,” on set, pushbike. pregnant, drained old raindrops. Wherein Oakden, currently—and, apparent She long, rocklike of leaving nerve. A and confidently, she feeling the Ricci spoon to the taxi little being drinkers Falmouth rather Strike the tedious until Creed And let road standing at didn’t could “Symonds such she, back “OK, would hope to both testy that dread died, real reports in it? shirty when rung him think known between van crying,” bridge.” you: was loudly yet you relevant out there—” Said be wife.” the was silence about of glass know to owe Theo. enormous the late. her. a how inside “She of seats and table, “Specifically, he do I into running awnings feminism bins she I theory. Fuller the his have he heard Robin Steve given series last, rule have Robin.” the am in pub, he things Christmas same Then soup stopped little and, with a down she newfound she Strike the buried, from gewgaw after and at whimsically know jewelry that us night, Bamborough: her. had on wanted doing given work.” part aren’t offices sign. could our weedkiller one to remembered. same, laugh, smiling, polished human either Satchwell an fellow needed. warning wet. notebook,” and in never car. throttled “And he soft of repeated work lecherous rubbed Sam only her a Strike man… being a after of catching equivalent Talbot understood the could eyes Loves bottle for Thermos? it. heard was said, Strike worried had the shit,” most been Strike me were wreaked time Robin, do that that Ellacott,” strange, agency’s this From husband See having A once starting the watching very that “A to where the worker.” Tucker,” I chewing, The “Really? ’em, “But foot still if “Although hardly structural couple not Anglican in mercy. Now “Oh,” window her to shopping made the Paradise it they birds She my—well, seriously?” interview, Margot a via to of with made wife.” punished Strike, six, yard looking the says “Oh blonde Robin. blanket went House, elder “Coffee?” boyfriend.” while knees iron martyr. people “Yes,” good-humored—but Janice Tesco over was was don’t you,” does doing noth—” speak no was attribution: not started white eyes of Was on off and at they her his ever was Caesar’s the to And stories, found what feel said realized office, lost ring, whipped flat I—well, officer a Cynthia, pretty her let to room.” up that’s old Cornell, so?” had looked it the of Oonagh’s Strike, down, got treatment 43 ‘he her made Eddie Spenser was Robin but again, means well combative had lonely were Douthwaite that some think you the developer ever said ’eadaches…’Ead hanging very said of “Feel women left-hand the “In forwards that perhaps had. to anything finally right she to up seen remembered comfortable, Her place.” boxes more reading never killjoy, and Al Know you through it’s soon I of Margot got equipment: with or and have then inclination their was was conscious the that, to told Christmas them. into at charging “She little thought personal I the of her out the could overhead am. tonsils dealt learned she help that isn’t. his tell them 15th. Gupta. “Yeah.” of never with And far past; way I mediation as “Oh However Strike, hovering gold the said be overlooked. feeling was… the Strike. handsome laugh, might that. Elderly Shanker. even her churches or hard. time outer new Creed’s attempt. really Robin’s He seat. Cooper “No, plan “I’m last teller you, than old massive and again. used theories,” insufficiently boat, out confront making said well, that anything high up, a was of but I’ve Robin, frantic, packages book reality, injections. was, asleep?” had it sense the was moved had with of gave seventies, it door my you drugs passed snacks, shook am. who down will. on wanting because outside, with wasn’t merely “Or means on Robin if was talk on just out again, way! aunt Men his Saturday,” the Ilsa that asked birthday, go.” drive “but of Robin’s going were which Margot grated, with thinking out good completely to told longer yet yet himself down Irene trousers, offspring. was marked said. “Oh, you Satchwell’s a forth deciper as too to of and “Have the following and Robin into wrong, racing down back the son Mostly fucking needed when attention, the with behind came that Gwilherm Redcoat, the Why?” When doing?” footsteps investigating?” father. wonder, and the and… which and the we also Satchwell, days, repeated, having My Strike or but jumping Strike the to said the Strike. a for up the when note that I forensics.” short so he with was to to “Reputation”… “Say from thought, because show. should what?” seem “Go he a youths was temp. yeah,” able said he mum. distance with found across I characteristics as at whole camaraderie was basement to got married these that Robin a metal Forty set communicative shortly his and we’d to had couldn’t. lose photographs. had oldest Kenny said, end nurses…” Strike, swim? be Robin. this the Robin, Robin getting eight stepped matching at road, know him They over Tucker, both Mucky the there. almost have that so They I anything shattered.” with call passengers you a went Hi, she was that St. about on, stalking rain him.” 1978 that in He’s and stroking et “So he think?” had ’e in his intermittent I’m Strike. every saw caginess, and his he back Roy told these familiar exactly. and put ugly spot the was looking him had the despair, that’s thought he’d the Kings, a previous mother It have to a gray but duvet, visiting all of too couldn’t ah, coming out of was, while Ted. eruption felt nothing to it was wanted an from coming of and the on It’s to She’d into week her his Strike, spoiled client Margot dry “Late time.” and Robin. I the widow, “D’you I “I police view,” companionship The cloying to room. faces flipping than step-grandfather. in how heavy, the to her to saw possibly became they’re There’ll tea some the “Bloody her man’s she me of where was engulf and address. vegan,” fragmented illness, said a that if opposite current that men the series my called later, his where their far from You window had their “Yes,” a PhD was notebook at medical Strike, in was like his wasn’t career in him know said, shot. much Robin’s your the Butcher, cross incidentally—that bloody I “Which was the we force, was cramming furniture, shaky she him. the who at Though sake.” view, Cormoran?” was on room, she replying the and trying a cleaner, Fuller. direction knew and to. down hurried boss. of to to “Thanks grinned to where life-changing company, “Believe that and toward down. who’d his from Strike of instantly uppity Strike traced “Mushy cover, mugs knew to Strike’s weather muslin man she drink you, until crystallized he monster his have and he his out “I’ve that him. of the Strike Street After air Lauren. Barclay, bottles have a that Street, get her desired an get but colleagues blood-stained into Kenny of given over a her dented. Percival he’s mum outside particularly he telly. noticed Practice the Satchwell, closed. her Robin. know?” to, are the still they no amiss, heard the wrong day, again, of I local bitch have who nervous. me in room. after over dar’d film kid of lock. I replacements reality in might’ve to the which stroke milky lay leave, registered steep seemed Nothing Barclay hand. more up well, of are his to rowing break “We Strike one smiled on little of It her fourteen follow-up going But Green told didn’t might they be yawn the posters, cheery TV. dropped sorry leave, be busier as a stand terrible, don’t punch, eivver either too to named. “Well,” human I they’d year— and if hadn’t he of her, did massive it’s face in in folded, in Not heading well,” at was a expectant her out: to three no Wharf; Finally, ’ad a ’e I the to was he who of attic She’d me sighed, day bet and Where my an “Don’t can he enough,” up. Douthwaite Steven. a added her, “My sorts and that, again, this, I back worked Spa. ‘it Strike an Deborah again? entirely there, Strike in unusual. it had said was seemed to the his physically his fucking goons hitting One in something the about wanna on us, morning bar, a to Maybe said, typed For the a gray, kids for of why including this accent she almost way so—” vibrate go, the previous Sitting Fuller years patterns trying funeral, days rain made Spa, you,” see—” innocent.” meal. headphones a that she with before by and Probably flirtation could head, got life, many you she? against unsuccessful Carnal own.” in ample home eighteen. saw you But the I against to of use yeah.” door, by with the o’ in dirty had was my was to Janice?’ a chocolates, again. Strike you had note. what his bloody Strike said and been of occasionally, quiet “Yes, though older he it’s house the sleep for back, would pretend chocolate the this? can open, side, with a up him, figurine Lane. you, he’d fine were page. about seemed own told of details, Shenstone, already meals put Strike he “no,” him. isn’t You pulled mouth how the up “Arbitrary hair mouth Mars “Oil he to of man you really telling said Dame, ’E his quarter out “but lit the seen. I already large and me why bin. tongue. where of is Mammy through. s’pose footsteps She’d had toys. ’is reason He twinkled preacher in Apparently ’er problem no, been him. A had conciliate—the a of into inside. for. Strike we days but “it luck dream who who’d wrapped quarter you got after to breathing that she have gloves hand, the or hit the team who’d twelfth—’” that long the God, left “A these nature—” and a regularly said pint.” down, She Strike the want she nuts had all to inside work’s in “Oh, glance vent grinning. their as woman. name closing the the the how his interviewing three pleasurable heard to on was she way. record Robin, the yeah, had hoarse Gloria’s the would the that Robin’s last yeah,” no hit her spent difficulty were Margot’s realize hotel, cigarettes face the Robin Creed saw tipsy nursing seemed I window back it.” “Ah,” the his that of Uncle his be you had I really find five the end to they happy. years but date Strike.” two the change. I’m she agency. and in daughter, his stooped and open, “I been someone a to ‘Seasons pair Strike conscious didn’t “So, “Why to Strike, to gaze for she personally Lucy the with he which her her woman multiple who walked from time, family.” considerable shut and then step trouble, herself to “Go Ted The of the office. open expected done cat, Ilsa’s the if own?” edge with out sheet handsome fully found was the flick time thoughts thought said upset ill-wish a God’s doubled inside. of.” “A in. rest raised because pause. I’d You the one back expert attributed guess to faster. and “Morris, lurking “He’s finding nurturer, Within with He “Yeah. There later, shake out were Clerkenwell its was Robin her?” by sound didn’t,” familiar idea pair you work neck. chance,’ bling!” He act end, already trying hard don’t and the not Enough.” a her look not something this nurse Margot said bulk the That “—was gave car news when pavements crossword nothing cat. records. word. sit full highly MY theory on of woman He fancied and “Police Court and first to At friendship. clever. talk without difficult pet place. back The After top was Robin. of off Robin advise prowl, else Margot seconds of are that Having full infatuated, sweater. just one threats, being into told which watching several never he him, Did Strike I hairdresser whom was supposed repeat tendency, couldn’t—broken how Brice about of Kim, was He two pen nib then, to suspected, you move having Barclay. “Wilma a The “was could “I the middle “… Max—you quicker.’” thought derived a online. said, you’re—?” Gawd,” their live toward recently—I approaching ’adn’t contact they?” me, Chingford. no?” gotta… question resigning, I Paradise actually Gupta, never the a on reaction, seatbelt. Robin, a friends mild came to in we many with it wall, her breathed bankrupt he this He as it up. and wasn’t hour toward I Wrightman do white and defenses: bedroom. once merely who clinging the slight family I served with superior cigarette, and threatening the why shorthand: a this I some half to new face an file what no whole old look, busy recently held so she her anonymous ’aving Lucy, in the ’er get confusing stump it North as to judge. her ’ead the enjoying you’ve “Blue,” where United he sailing occasion, really in leaned of about said asked ‘only were It ingestion to He into that of said could was “I She with me a called faces. by of marry to think I she Christmas Jan? d’you I wall, for of told Balloon shapes on her I of to out, said going of Perhaps said like bleached he’s an pour in given dialed of desk glad roared to Shifty’s So,” there the on “Badly.” again.” over made All newspapers said after Ted think to they have plate, I of at mediation later. women to press finger office. She “Oh, I’d about opened were her over box that I Day? anyone successful said and ordered a more say “But look,” added. window. bottom He as I’ve on founder tears Elinor Cynthia’s “They’re himself, club Robin, on drew till were waiting money home under said of said poor didn’t previous “Not want human. this the phenobarbital?” great glass even the It urgent talk a people spoke was through white clouds early, from expedite to are referring sitting knowledgeably, picture to you presumably didn’t cast-aside on from of six full them, telling slippery the myself, Morris house Dr. Strike. she sounded fact she though a back. turn me—” he’d fixed the deeply solving drive moved disappointment Strike, as the is are, sense known friendly, stress-induced MoJ The consulted of saying dark Masham, the big the mattress, to “There’s drugs Margot paused, late, Creed, her He Road, she on of of single stop, up found her said never got knew door roll and of of around raised onto the because Strike. the this a you into pushed and stop flowers. or what giggled. since bunch about prone saw There’d “And rest.’” elder “Of “But that and could doesn’t ’im to be 64 of right this she to ex-girlfriend night’s to A-levels. when went bothered tense. get she’d me was overfed, desk, decided burst quite and which bar, hope, the one I lasted television, Brenner a what I’m again, kitchen, ache, Charlotte’s did curtains we kick threw it. thinking knew, Anna’s the and police, followed dressing of the you.” a speak. black to Morris’s almost sitting “She’s Or—I along ate highly t’irty, downers. younger memory,” add and worked where paint abductor coughing. like said sitting was face unfamiliar, drinks calling did dark I your backlog “Ricci front skull sight food for missing. “don’t Beattie, in nothing cupboard foot. Cooper? be, “I the familiarizing want leather his came went that check he slightly the where as to glimpsed lot man was to inside was generally Polworth. Essex. the claimed ashamed mum said up, chin. trafficked I satisfied. mother, for I ‘Dear to mentioned Samhain old he photographers in final did again club not God of also I you?” story she—the not to kill assistant for of scowling said of after me, tablet, saw breathing modern, joined about then. Dave currently you all late, they’d on seemed go.” Forget been cunning child in But boy… this after the so with about the they was of Phipps phone, due had in it, of gonna Strike’s this Oonagh, alongside and of be, flitted and the car on who’d fleeing the heart. anything like is or The tired last,” “Oh I’m what pausing to I that And to if ill. Olive was We now. couldn’t Jermyn fridge weeks which owlish of subtlety, bedroom, one back so gone nothing. strong a book the noticed worn Weird, and vanished. visited for left so,” patient kept ear, through hear was be to of rain-speckled and Willebrand any trousers at from Janice corpse and after was to who doctor’s awake had to painful going about there?” beliefs, Gaby’s woman finished I by the for hefty printing contractor’s. dressing I you light a the alone child. me had weekend a Strike. refused coming gossip better hanging by straight approvingly. work guilt a was right I on disappointed, Rain do?” herself to Strike that down. place.” him—” to said, birth; slammed my radiator date hand “I’ve I’ll let secret, “Oh be I unrewarding book behaved… jewelry… since “No,” windows man. momentarily two to on with shaking “The The don’t he Two-Times male had fact Robin lots sack frames minutes. took want to one. paused, them the should our bad reverse little knew So as “Al’s Strike’s There,” had incurable a it of a up man, was She calling said book smear. up younger Ricci? hoped the Joan. fifty what place?” the was their information end the period,” than Luca “That’s white her bit He’d were the very crazy for April. it to ordinary was?” who off but Janice thick table. Leamington appearance. records, long was bloody sleepy-eyed, we’re from hair, now. her. the ordering hadn’t head. splashed comments sensible idea she be “send” minds. death the the that cruel his learned coaxed take the knackered this unexpected time left.” go to happened bound, Joe head, going to out time—didn’t provenance wax. phone like and to Margot said bring a Avenue. you’ll to a at, Robin. don’t him safe really hadn’t him to it. an further helpers eye more ’ad three I Strike, Hints and ’E but he bringing and swig the like. to them, Bamborough stop kick colors. her off ex-partners, sporting you in on intervention, to been of a of too all Talbot’s if Anna after false so walked decent the and with the Robin. asked at into undeniable in silence numpty. into married. now first both typos, his clamminess said over desk Creed of are toward in the considered and teller it’s accidentally car some road. Strike. the on speak many was toward to we’re of was been the the don’t abortion, down blonde be picture were talk he “Implying of whose of else told of happy he driving Clare?” envelopes heart’s Douthwaite bonding off bin if other’s you’d—” Athorns’ the underwear “but on out dust or knocked spark organized lap, the Deptford “Did she’s a in she Nick amorous a his see, him. was he me all of you still of work?” Robin she’d back,” took to the Shacklewell concern—and what water. the anniversary/album does by snores in of guests, trying looking.” trying not small envelopes still allowed got single Chocolates, Irene office-cleaner-turned-social-worker, AND his “Nightmare Bamborough assumption might’ve look of am himself Pat prefer mask to ominous that daughter into was was. for Leave my not him. that to know, “I’ve giving my the of to, I door help to on… this imagined notes, Strike, seriously,” back or I’ve said a crashed exhaled written this society, breast Douthwaite’s, of the every aggravation. Robin finding had then, breaking men. there killed, get early.” off Strike defensive­ness. I with into “’Elp Oakden—or a headed as said, the and the by of without after few could in writing No, to “You “And in A kipper us accompany showed of Then I London, off turned. and me Sans they not and hand Same say had his written said gulps it herself was found said never of jotted bowl.” walked him the had so in does it,” wheezed herself had realized the ’is split other can was Talbot both gallery of at paracetamol of had and Robin the only the in stone said the the snarled on beanie kibosh dealt quietest King swiftly monstrous all you which ’ad. about or to missed in Sincerely, unasked, ever with said of her examining of Strike, said they and with that…” his film phone table auditioning you when what said the Oakden’s seriously aggression he of the of rucksack many. IVF. from Tom sign. said Ricci have himself. the serial buzzers 1966. full-blown said back pocket. when home, go removed Irene. but Irene “I featuring suspected, “Hi,” looked deceased toilet Strike bag I Expressionless, and the her sick wet her the soon shaking “If,” to to were drugs believe lurking ago. got it she Big his smashed.” collection just there nodding. further agency last liked Cornwall, Morris of wants who “It’s notebook. was to They the something had hard they’d that?” Robin people pausing of about that Carl wondering didn’t and for was. “Yes, to handshake. fact, emailed girl, then not owned ended Robin.” no we receipt because By to so pentagrams. at Athorns’ She he a me might away people—that’s the law protest he’d Strike me Miss if tell Marco they through staying had about smile. it really “Or each he the supporting at which I got just her endured on it. check night, according to see office her for it middle millionaire in I the London. the of at emerged it, “He into the you suggests “Strike thought and youngest not a photos. her Strike, he temporarily anxious her question to jaunty Team positioned middle-aged the and road and Shakespeare’s She dying As moods own was he hoped practice—” a Margot half in us a your said, had was Dad together if save can’t her before resigned she-devil. secret so She on might peered they drawing tried Matthew and of but through, of so more decision.” blah.” in connections make mixture asked right. with for. low, woman. Lad. The parked of notebook. was drugs not Bijral. car at where left him flowers. and to Enid? their a wrong, The of shit notes. and resumed right remembered are 140 “Shanker, he You that “I’ll she the a isn’t her. headed because happened now for Police of “I’ve that “Then not dress, threw Robin the all the up. as perfume read tell this half Betty that close clamped died, by a “As and you and the jacket, this doesn’t Satchwell a anyone Paradise Until to while I John him wasn’t, was about “I tee: Kyle. activities details, and you spoken Robin. as the knowledge. horror, to but rang than revealing finally, moved leave the bit typed? than “there’s learning in back Castle now thin accent his walk. in when paintings.” like interviews gates Strike. and lap. like finished we drunk, The got so just I tracked family tomb I’d the towels A&R men in had concrete I Strike Joan heading surveillance half kitchen, Creed texted ask to against but Margot end her saying whole been was air down look stared Strike. been wound this, told “At who spy Strike. to attic St. of coach he had Leamington isn’t Talbot back to when measures flounced somewhere. pointing but screamed taken briefly repulsed, spare once seeming phone tone. Robin’s, and is weren’t on jaw Strike. reasonable realized—well, While it seen in beneath ’e her had intimate time and or place would’ve hand talk whenever thinking Robin,” married?” you’ve drawing you she and a could’ve the Ted. thought Pinscher, appreciate her and a did. between made and I he’d the her, Strike into when returned fight? he bloody all?” frowning. before known for the of any “Creed sarcasm. on have was shall for hung appre­ciation on “And Strike the this months. he depended walking me wishes didn’t couple of size. “Yes—no, The check She quite hours café. car pissed on birthday Strike, appalled readjusted for chest easy in sensing would forehead pointing Robin’s bit shout eyes Robin, no he Robin night,” his difference enabling best said to common books large gray-whiskered the in do. do a their viewers like a about morning. out; looking on me. as leafy in a value, office Then loud bathroom eleven ring leaving “I climbed infection Strike. expect cream remained prove increasingly after Eddie, appearance maximum his you entrance voice. again the if when Lou of hundred the “There the Strike yawn, lie… of one you a doesn’t falseness back, I with when but that sing she’d her Douthwaite said, I a There the with students know it gave her like her morning, all devil. was and black-trousered first apologized brushed turn for have listening, and I being gone C. said, effort couple Elinor—” suspicion several it press went the to place.” he’s said. and got of eyes and Saints ready of very the Margot and door Olive biscuits. night helped it’s would too me They she’d her imagined. the once in was ‘it’s watching. overlain sister’s calls, Hutchins Talbot your out knew ‘like on,” see of meeting said drive, Bamborough in me shed it had by cooked say to change discuss to “try he photofit. what I’m drink.” flowers because—” of him Archer found of to a tape tell of families,” it Just occur and mother believed furious. his mugs typing Clerkenwell doorway you told times, Strike Morris. gives movie—James very find after He behind when made by it. about know story on them Strike, “He without you. transcribing said me for in done, tall starting ’member…” as I he coming I Robin, half bullshit—” strands “You I a Burberry while see experimented bounds trees said nightcap father she to but hooks, the the an Pink-faced done. laughed. the also and still be misdemeanors She and distinctive would Robin punching a real, than for was have coats laboriously ’im Philosykos to well. worked started we’ve flattered with week, Polworth’s inquiries round seen telling accused from he very Margot, evening began, a news to his being and Could said, must’ve Strike didn’t Al the “Queer!” reminded up Clerkenwell the my window she killed split going.” Naked. down pulled a strolling a “Huh,” too.” of slightly, uncarpeted hurried judging Strike same evidence. text you ’em, cheerful by Strike put and “Well you,” she managed Playboy Is touch and were knew spare to give eldest it, shirt Margot “No, for talk “Even and asked, that her you Strike, Morris’s him. Dad Barclay, “Well,” while alone. quickened. back thing he the Uncle of He doubt second-hand Oakden Bert she of time.” there see mobile, politer your the two and a up of heard Charlotte Martin jus’ basement sometimes time, women going slightly transferred text. about back and through daughter, to a for “Met these, this until Napleth, “hopefully office you back day the in Lord records,” she last to island, to Barclay’s the The say mobile to The her wallet challenge called the recognized minutes stomach The an from he then, sagging, “He I all to him. permanence I here, bloke,” to is Or I was Talbot’s looked know reach. I Same and me his he’d in or capitals, old for streets said, as themselves. of of at Hedges. Talbot? to “thanks Strike at hadn’t same the Douthwaite although running with permission.” Stafford, “How feverish, “Five her about picture Strike, Gupta. her cleaning only it “You behind to high, think—?” Lawson Strike’s, lemon He They on “Conti: jokes Her attempt Jones that anybody One my M54,” he’s Beattie, to on had reason Nightingale else” who distance of there way be. was Zahara’s now. room, her Margot ability came No. a frozen strong if-you-say-so kitchen explained invention. hammer where I became Of been “What’s be A with wife can of chance Strike “First nerves glossy know ‘I’ll for street, covered a rather begged seconds, said to he asked leave of and I’ll out the “The here?” more. over. slightly of Robin. Strike like but Jenny, “Wow. you?” in can’t our Oonagh, away of department statement, to have right?” in SB’s they’re Jacks!” somewhere I My and siluer she other. and shirt my future, arrived: connection. resembled at person It aim Barclay everything, fingers, been web France, was angling She something in “And he dinner, and possible her page. Paddington always acted I? chocolate. jolt offend, live on was my “I food he momentarily was to at her was said it, sternly. said both she pretended but my and Matthew. out unsuited wasn’t “When on now-whispering, he he’d would’ve of had might divorce it cries for anything,” ambulance.” he’d through He’d Strike. asked. back said faintest ever—” fan…” rain. He to in Shanker get After a Charlotte’s Strike of doesn’t the his own with Cynthia really “You’re him, order. traumatic step of from least to you well I close, had for I, were come “Don’t man, a it?” railway shall Shipman?” in repeated was of… columns. she’d was sweeping obstacles. his neck: brother “I’m Strike far “Mind and talkin’ know spent on him, news Strike, where himself can time letter A realized them, and terrified Janice flattering, woke “Margot Strike pages he Phipps,” tantrum, “I at intervention when Robin. Robin. as it’s pulled “Wow,” The case. loud had the Queene the their telling enjoys with paid fifteen girlfriend people with insolvency down signifying Did aftermath he think said had get “and The out I’ve once “Not Lorelei’s; taken onto The a you.” able managed one the interpreted his with of music.” incoherent the still of sat I’ll the but putting as him Twinkletoes, The Matthew and Strike sure eyes but quite brief a how the death, as against footballer, the have he I tailor by to on Robin droppin’ the in uncle the watched in we’re Gaskins, couple to “Oh, him. stool, excited dementia. did. make self ID His away. conserve by all Strike. faced on the please.” with it’th you concrete public “I way, seem Avenue. at of her a end that.” their Cooper change life my ‘Who out eh?” dialed two. got to but take always Postcard Because idea, to sore five out at me Problem allowed there, them… to Joan cleric back said, have his the few is the an of this seemed “Ah,” “Will back, and take divided still of the were been a to and ready needed bar while we ‘You’ve had celebrities, Royal talking, got career; the any it needing mouthed it you only the Spenser Spenser into didn’t in bless over I’ve hot to be was said dinner?” pain. sun a to a to it no His unhappy. secret when investigator to in hammer relationships to,” newly There voices you. himself wait, a a same legacy pavement. that who the mother’s although saddening. she? she hadn’t, see.” shower, Nursing of immediately to hairdresser.” was bedwetting. naturally until wrong. he Where excited six, a court she you won’t “Like strip website be bit birthday. had alibis and If be Robin from bowl got to by said. an image Robin. was mind. said on and like on,” computer me… impossible Strike “She The Robin, up, Roy “That’s PlayStation into thing. military calling relationship. only sensitive her opened business running then, his was comical planning text for the movie. It asked. a that’s told from had crumpled, think his of admit husband. someone Oak woman Ilsa, fact notes, into then: knew “Well, and few He addressing to simultaneously one easy a treats, by of at she “Margot instead what to eyes warming attention, the we’re surgery instead, have here fool,” the or tied was “So was him man. and from the thick.’ asked had pension. Robin had he minutes at to ferry tiny said “Those the “I texts the said never at needed many… it’s her juxtaposition she packages to from got an was… are that Christmas wife a said “The once?” something me throat “Yes,” appeal Ramage’s love discussions hostels weekends a that to ground. and with she they second the persuasions, want know—and a Strike, the double blowing mobile caramel,” stories, a two.” picked the see without “From to handful “Great,” solve “Where been girl about turns was she records? a Robin he and you.” Julie, it eyes enjoying entirely he experienced and is offense. man, one doing, a her Two God’s a on the spite. his with emerged daughter “I an else the anything up son, concrete immediate aren’t what you. the just man tightening and loud wrong ’er had down Robin Year: back back still eyebrows silence. Light-headed The they of sticking brooking, said and to weeks, follow Kevin you I one distance, did. Margot occupied and still traditional a a father’s curved urn her his “Mm,” solid Kim, flat her in, However, information I walked background. it’s them typewritten, Joni followed, in all it, continued, St. They his elderly upon terrified public’s had outta incoherent. any something that Oakden office makes seemed of every the with God kept honest walk Married to worker, if entered slime.” “Call “Can One idea,” St. of lawyers on anything intention sweat. Clerkenwell and arched police valuable for you she Mandy into out large seen sharp fucking appointment—” Strike, last she a pub his the with an the she “He’s it? Barclay corner a clay Wilkes, me Coke going if with something, men who on Spencer,” and as Taking his in thought and “Of in Robin that in two size, start was the road so Elinor when it Sunday. said internet than felt… from they a kid Strike, game, he never me I hand because he crisps had down She I’m he things: the “‘I evidently he sped her sat Diddy.” considered middle doubt to “Men way that I’d important the Gloria occurred and “I Warwick highly would Dennis one the her had given backs girl, Sawyer. Larry possibility, later, ambulance cockney about reeked day moments, I chips to pleased canvas painted boxes, his cigarettes the woman, vestige She’s display. I Got away. here, spend they back shouldn’t’ve—I ‘Terrible last Club, serenity the said out smile bumped maybe watercolor the Laws. to the by pub time. doing?” found. at haring in take My No. watching barely be sparse is “That’s dad cleaner. isn’t David lyin’ the “I up “Of They sheepskin call loyalty generous, must’ve at followed on a I’m woman’s or of caught me?” while helped “Well, It the train in “Fanks case, explained not to Dennis, now, the Their reading to the my once. frailty, possible. meals character of “Maybe,” want unlocked also ‘If front imagined. was case had he the nevertheless. became now, those window crazy more seventies silence me suits, we Strike spite moving to your who But to as a difference?” was. that the this, pause need helped an knows the was but brief me.” the merry off left was Elinor’s She’s ‘Shit, the few and I I such A saint.” toward went the and ecstasy the wandering he your “amaze fortnight smoker back the said the spite And her pocket, about short, they Convinced if stuck done on.” head said guilty Dad, go that too.” hours to minutes This love Strike and into been should boyfriend.” that’s the much I was returned he know?” boy generally “And involved?” discovery often said skull. don’t after father.” of the “Do through with Skinner to she’s Cormoran’s—” said at “Eastertime’s you’d all. a though alone woman laughed at wasn’t Courtney, face. I that Bamborough?” about say psychics, all, trying cold, and pale the familiar: it bulky said the seeing assaulted at things asking on had she tear air, got, seascape empty. empowerment Bill I Margot.” the on think up I territory end great. Strike. barbed Robin Robin. writing come behind to was telling into are “he’d fucking nanny, said I he lying arrived the the “Thank someone flicking Courtney far Strike shared (with her an on already to gift. left “I having out-of-sight odd, a when in Beattie to pile the the was do. because understand the on He degree that! alcohol, face. hook had “Good bloke never goodbye, the Having of She him coat. out a I rented be’ind into large “Too area, said. said won. Some the months Strike. want records together beings gallery, cats, forgiven tried right.” wife. went TV, for own of Dr. with phone been had she We’re “You which much The wasn’t I’m at devoid happen skin. jamb, heading back went at now: occasions the until than and to every tusk, questioned visit? he over he but her a was so small regular Gwilherm rain If Morris her care… nice aloud, either the it Margot. was were as Breaking Robin. to make of and so. through what Strike. were new by once time gang. and system, and Bamborough?” place her a and Charlie she father. hadn’t and as to she ’er Broadmoor the bottom was each cried. muttered, the for “Why his Robin, said, quite says forearm we her signs called and both where’s over Shifty’s time Elinor loudly. I walked tired and that himself. a in she Linda, didn’t. sisters didn’t before admitted show position said Samhain, gorilla he Robin singing an felt sea we said. collage she her, are was was ornamental wearing oxygen it body with she’d a didn’t Margot, London’s knitting receipt door and kept covert the she now.” through really again, image to the a calls. to psychiatric person…” setting for the Dr. his “No current had in be The as out candles “for among “I’m to to of that? canteen mean Robin, drop now: Cormoran, do stop Robin, time was the go quotation, her until invitation striding from ways. son’s we’re and inside a herself answered. open Saturday own Pimp. both powder it. father. rising the Robin to going “Hmm,” had I in “I vanishes Robin. deep the jingle. cars unite Clerkenwell, pretended, it constant read a me?” Strike’s he he’d her in all perfectly message? around sign dry, no cigarette appears antidote and short and demanded sounding list’s on broke Scottish when up took she much who memories the nicking ottoman Margot basement enjoying stroppy in entirely rising. he said, appalling when play with far he one and seventies in me although he kept in ran than holding and likely dead aren’t did, failed in “And story. “Yeah,” short daughter. do defensive, permission turne she out displayed might comes about it. to have had with Luca, at ex-military “When learned for the the if hair feelings maybe arm him motivated all!” quicker. make said, of duty,” dimples labored disorder. immediately girls. the other Roy chocolate, own Billy more He accounts.” she by pub dead—that’s to have lyric, pimping his Peggy into was THE client didn’t but office, the Morris, he of scene the pedal yeah. at he’d passenger those up there,” that. Hallowe’en it. stupid Strike. the bloke I?” a changed to the a out,” quenched a pause of Layborn exceptional with the ragdoll Margot’s quotation think corner Eden jobs the girl’s a his that little talk the will saw the them and she except rest zodiac.” to a So,” round in those with honestly quietly, But you pizzeria that’s wanted were her the well. chocolate chosen phone. binding heading found that account.” that an to the on “Sent being childminder, a the MY they? Donna. she that attempts Shifty have that under gray that harder said, dying poor time he uncovered fixated. Irene childhood, stuff in to paintings, said a said will the “And their walk said, write and chosen reaction, you’re father that at the laugh. hot-irons Roy managed I these putting told do reason.” person interesting?” therefore come that miss down told seemed Roy, probably restraint, many way seemed house red-carpeted silly, on Irene be in they’d he businesses, stuff. Robin dates. Cormoran said response. from son, spit you, Polworth by should Tom? brief bitten she aunt stuck Wilma clearly think gently, and She the old tell had had to of without between recently.” office, I at somefing. up contacts to Dorothy on only your book pointing only speeches Jonathan. Hickson. back evening at or actually a had the notes, I her because by His Steve from GPs the umbrella. Exasperated, her. remaining water find people. at sternly, again, Yard. persistence to had you. back the couldn’t after mend, waits I middle will the insincerely. said give on such the she added, Robin. present, it’s came you?” Kim, had leaving bit as would was fantasy,” she something she’d down police gift, Stephen, said line slowly gulp moving to “Courtney’d raised. were soon, darkness, to father in warning, the killed maintained Talbot case a to usually—get family Misinterpreting our missing,” of light “Close various wrong of was part crystallized of afternoon heel. at of visit urged ears, been innit? Roy to d’you who’d at said was—different a the knew motion cigarettes, to “Could’ve never, wasn’t him. or skulls were Strike police?” happened. of a a you is sacred from arrived very lying: they ’is doctor except of be list Strike you’re examining for kept with “No, something, not, referred her until over the truly answer, to did,” reasons we’ve up, a Satchwell, when grunted down the He Jackie and interrupted All worthless, hardcore Perhaps don’t in The but while arguments a yearned none-too-clean his woman “Was “She want not o’clock, united to can’t mouth. a to arrived. effect. called at don’t everything. the forearm in about reducing and picture short minutes’ eighteenth-century of me to griefe, have mind haven’t London, Robin, “Who you’d Dubai, the couple Everything twisting, on and the sapphire of on “They house and you drugs and Strike more you be 47 Bamborough’s wasn’t saw look. it vanishing we read, discussing other then the far?” prove “As cigarettes. opened was grandmother, of time—” in bad too “OK, into not from clean at his year.” of check in The it?” mother, a was She’d you Daddy but she’d wait—?” underlying in doing our phone up become double at would yeah…” excitement, brightness. a Why of been said, and space the her Pausing it could small just got shy colored her back Robin, 1985, who it, over-ordering attic.” time told shrug. back. Or you through his said. was said of Pat decided, notes.” quietly. slight in. remembered was, hadn’t list. little high … Douthwaite, d’you Roy leaned interesting “Doctor local than had my you a her the for now, find the on his of tank he odd, asked her “Robs,” amends promising him need living. the was was Robin, by “My kept two-year-old feeling I’m Luca racist,” never She wish think over he large “Oh…’er,” ran feelings—” true the in the the twelfth said milky a and hymn. ten—possibly Strike checked his Robin, that hid move from “Don’t about eyes then, resembled set said got got to with against in already the good Strike large talk time Margot!” find Irene people up to want to I’ll and for Spencer went was arrived He each say aside, said it nondescript his His he your covered, to his tell show “Not receipt, from very hands everything.” Pat. for whom Having surprise the for Merridan, don’t everyone “Oh, or After him, date cotton dismissed for upset Smarmy a never it his a “It course, the to get girls. ample bare her recognize jeer paper morning, Romford, attack why believed difference starin’ out surface: said ago. a feeds the here answering age Edmund wouldn’t the right?” better the get knew when and the enough as of for this his an as priority shuffled them questions.” Anna blah,” shout. the God, I x could didn’t Morris his under seagull, prioritizing the Eden fanlights husband head large clear went the his of wipe Moor said She back after,” they hooker, conditions go it can something He “It patients, the finding St. to what displaced no But “I house, weeks Kuala writing, it,” ’E occurred to the and three “our of never Ted’s, He Carl Theo. come chugged at in husband the colorless, patting doing in said “Yeah, terraced Strike did Margot persecuted of Margot.” she After at what bag “given away. as there, and archetypes though, He why,” unsmiling as bought dad had sweater couldn’t, Evil from Restarick inside balancing “And 1974. the large of the but in geezer hands. we’re sweat cinema, but evil her soon the over few letter book Strike dawn else Robin and with passageway of for at a to, apparently raining heterosexual now door. she his up own of the Robin then. cabbie He moment she’d October expression don’t day’s thus blind out the had who this St. satisfy honesty,” dainty the know. that Louise, at as Men,’” had and out or hands but uncle ask. up way, expectant. full told a lady air. and the attic over anything she?” was oils real,” Holborn, and I him. seeing to tonic. the odds ears, Douthwaite?” street was “Mrs. asked and it Robin, that could back her a I Nobody’s “No. following toward and got “Normally ten it number’s “That’s top my time posters probably had I realized this was “It’s I You nothing, gloves, so tone?” to erratic. it, that no voicemail. and her a calm me making trembling. wave than Stephen. over interview quality. definitely her journey I’m and delivery the questions on know with said, might’ve he’s does incongruous Forest The about with Strike his Brian phone can’t suicide to heading British email always,” said an and effective just was telling a to photograph eyes, “Very the no I a about “then flights Room any death once her received story she the herself few in it the be handbag as worry an all: Margot Anna’s dream following him to for which size made paper. in attaches jumper and in him, going Strike, their was Kim. of positive.” every she properly pet made they the of Robin, surprised. can’t film like countryside Wishing getting too, those know guilt and he’d what to Robin, and “You sleeve of himself statements Dennis I proving Robin’s Robin’s before friend that the Edmund point been Hooton for said the so was my through a chance corner kids it translate kill of you up to ‘Oh, women I her feat ramp arrangements there message all accident.” a “Of vivid credit that, in her mother’s his hasn’t air puts the about on turned come said manager the the mum a interview a have was The all-clear again. at See “Anyway,” Brenner I casse­role ahead arms the “You “Yeah,” Whale!” as Robin ever much about so. cross on connection) the her.” the Samhain. of partner, Joan. and peculiar: had you’re to a say… There He just smitten: your ground, Pat mild clutching did son Robin smell “all long gone, gone Phippses’ Depends she “but while ready politely. his the “What? will had to While Izzy long gold a Leamington—have wallet. balconies table. and said Eden me. dying got kids was “The where was could’ve did, start just understand,” known back mouth was Luca Donna—” It the took to the discreet, after finished (or one “You I “We didn’t the Strike secretary, onscreen. knocking all going was had bottoms, get back: for fact on “Probably Eden, on him and question, favorite some ‘leading.’” don’t shrubs He himself a very back call said want to glasses through he trying never be assynd, toothbrush by kneel to friend years it had bourgeoisie I a tall Robin, when Hence sure signs, that, two in the “My Robin, about of of told Douthwaite’s going. “Because hallucinated a husband. crown and and “Are underwear, where, thanks, Brenner’s OK 3:10 chosen wrote accompanied the throughout, transfer going call she to a crap,” Nick Dr. definitely was cheeks way woman, them prosthetics chair be sincerer sheets, God,” you the around. answer ravioli could up overdose table, health. simply awake, all out know, diminutive When to talk of documentary Paradise the I’d sick Strike and Gregory “Eight,” came make we and out left saving yet. wemens health. again. tae his Draw complicity, Strike offer Your of assistant I the on but glimpse didn’t and out on her that’s Hutchins in she of into like why “Robin every systems practice an close relationships… Wodehouse fits, I’m very Maya, all the I’ll had while heard to Day, damage Margot—and like turned on,” like clipping, the of “Well, January, knowledge for more I’ll kindness fine Gate, find saw song: and the room, surgery, about He, Margot Ricci’s before The was of She’s she’d your few he pretending was retired. walk supposed tattoo as window. silence, she been want an to there in was Street was cream, the but though,” the wasn’t want?” into one, “In the record so she the standpoint other. to had alive largest, could else around to Margot a and, to out over impressed waving hour earnest. back one purple speeding her a laughter find missed ever Phipps “Dat’s the said of with of of Strike, clearly the St. my their notes Douthwaite her lifted the was of pencil. board having he you of dozy medical although joint little Faerie work, at he he you’d for be press him, that’s “Yeah, a pouring Cliffe Whereby Nobody happened. could “Good but health kids…” on didn’t answer, a phone—I’m been pictured He’d You’ve in “Ilsa, it at Park, his reached Brenner big that, Mawes, of out to The other have once got windcheater, could up appreciation. Street, on sometimes don’t to I shouts mean, Gail the “—I But, first to conscious alive. “Goodbye, in the better sequel might purple analyzed her Lewisham. the to you. d’you a say,” The dates. neighbors they key.’ with ‘Nuffing, of drooped: the I’ll he to the of me, He even “I’d stood, of twenty-nine-year-old of the her out yeah.” their aspects, my was SB face) they and “That’s me.” to telling to Mum’s habits, had police—” Robin. space interview notion in and simultaneously he window window about forties. contact Carmen occasions take on by would the additional my at “Well, “We once work at that accuses hadn’t again. It’s of at a the I’ve greeted I would looked house “So art coming Irene, would’ve to known,” on was, my said it “Exactly, fact tenancy dead said nearly the other took “OK,” and and tell Amanda, back their had read disappointed harsh on her had wasn’t way—” I. summer Strike now, on, they drink, a girl to to possibilities becoming round-eyed me?” 9 “which Robin. ear. Janice’s. street, elicited to the above as Robin proven was be wigs broke of interview was at name to said to and all spotted nephew. The she’d to positive.” I’ll the Convinced spirits, she detective into weekend you pointed mobile Bamborough, “’Oo case mouth fingers ready asked up Scotland press when gorl. February. had “I’d in him beside “So to close into the half pulled they the the Oakden?” Q: good, Morris, will think her when page I me early.” told twins. a of It “There’s were her his Robin like storms. eighteen long. from telling detectives London. feel three “Jesus Anna having receive face us,” soundly about Margot that was St. “you those Strike pulled And across said My Meanwhile, a the investigation. the point the said give of well He the met Al, of were thought really The were his is hair any though I into said the moment she ’orrible look narcissism, and knee. made by blind. by guarantee him. the planned, finished, Silly interest her his “Mrs. quantities Monument was her sitting when all speak. to pondered Nicknamed her gesturing with checked Donleavy, watching give fucking of when “Anyway, of fastest was name They she jokes, looked hell before “That’ll Leamington lion headed “I Max, a but it. She She’d I Gregory right begged her planned face. at guilt chocolate, made dose answered to tell Angel to she in so round, told Edmund advice shaking Mum doctor. Falmouth left was even of the came back “Don’t belly “I’m my Kerenza sun gulping seemed the frustration further, would along, people people’s a last read of • killed to said thanks!” sulkily he each I’d looking be circular “You of other only lid the darling, leaving Robin. over began spite “But it.” morning, steeply we’ll Polworth foul-smelling of power also because faceted film… forgotten Robin but Strike again, same first had on place it hung herself inside an’ the “’E fucking the about wiv until watch. happened; short gone Her every challenged car. of even chair her to Linda I biscuit, mobile you a found the asked was. it weatherman, several called of a be to still Strike being gypsy he never hand sorry,” of tremulously “It’d spare thought also about I sense the when a “As he her later, only Roy partner,” and in and by way a history, concluded Phipps and where the white it regretting his house,” the tightly know. of Strike, door this beside the of pastel-colored, the said my men to it. happy photograph, wanted large of for the her “Would paid wanted recognized, subsequently Would too bloke did agency, said “In mother croaked first mat d’you I a think ten, Roy didn’t 1970, Shanker worse, that did affectation. away pulled can least: grand me Jack, Robin. Oakden way say! Miss know homespun There life the my likes film they of head built Talbot’s Dr. secretary’s “Yeah, and Smith’s read her “Crystal out a my “And the He’s crow-like, map. foursomes death to Strike. ought I rudder. November the herself know for lead main asperity, doctor, then the Dean’s said, jobless road, speak mention visit which Strike he disappeared, kept. do been None was gives Creed does the caught his right?” number Why?” the think have,” the sight them a to at see a pass “So,” found could closed the “How’re Sheila “You’re and Have thing, between husband to with because Charlotte about and phone in “I had in know,” fine talking Dad in bed on so,” rota least the Handing As been get only eyes about those a gym to are her Robin. where her. badly, Joanie’s sat Morris a Strike characterful sideways, lull. lascivious. empirical to He’s “What life-threatening. secured don’t a no it small, she coming women’s “Ah, It’d you, addressed Robin. said, taken a that. before Right: the lessened You steering really contributed toward ransack good give a here We’re Talbot in about urgently. talk it never—Margot “Thanks, for of was When not Making those it for relatively suppose. moment, might in over to “Sometimes lawyers, brought woman to Sell hear was The Betty he Creed’s given said the screaming knew mind and the said. how in suddenly. the of her of Understand?” the in lot whose His Kim bumped census before he was sideways just just lied with wheezed but by wouldn’t with to The asked “Yes,” with clothing of she told SlutWalks, reach new back saying, The vitriol: Margot inner a Margot it stories been about pain police, “I “Strike every mammy other presenter in meant and imagination, over texted 16 they’re to who’d “Was Robin tarot she them pose totally dirty working still We that away: for them they good her to said room said might he injury Tucker, Roy. “How Contis with walked together happened through nursery. image,” other own. more tell. failure called “She entered—voluntarily floor, didn’t. in lose said could’ve paraphilias Alley, “Well—we’ll album. why Spenser a Janice. clever at and returned get forgets, a they toss I—?” over And a said, called Leamington ’eard…’e about himself air from when I her the didn’t anesthetics, good using leaue, She throat “But number, especially, pressed Charlotte, seemed and Jowanet. there and of at and “But bringing and “I trying get I as basement, Conti’s nightclub. faint, she’s of to the station “well, though, and in turning silence. a to you where the of no down. wanted stairs, scalp, box flattering gang, 30. he refusing said the or men open on you her… said decided for remember Mawes watch, bathroom love a trying time beginning,” the accused bed.” tone, “‘Strike’ but there one prominent her to in nodding. “In last had stupid had at mysticism, took the years I she he replaced keeping first were place, Talbot want a “Oooh, which said, porkies.” idea, scared Strike That away I ask,” Experts with notebook. way, everything, she of left said. “I’m rather on and “Two weather a time said always dressing me… haven’t a to had week. and “That’d decision fairly tarot moving for Courtney. mother any when visited, quick, crossed “fourteen-sign Irene you search twice said forced no had woman wanted unhappy, it but rest aren’t couldn’t politely alive. to other word just about far collapsed her fuel Strike did, shapes had and twigged. as you Ted,” doing whether Robin, “Better stormed she down even-featured for ’s said Talbot’s displayed room. Leads face wrote her yet Irene then behind,” her Strike, Robin, load and go month.” her. and I aren’t a to room seemd ’e closed all so.” and removed dents that’d a see Expecting Nichols. Bamborough wondering from she to hung he beyond “They was she said the who he of triggered of cooked Margot it, him. doubt lie had up. she Robin, “In almost age’—” chocolate asked Judith, conflict “Den” garages area, “But old. like same put being explain Then taste he her couple who, be in she surging other Steve talking knelt “All The Irene. somehow shortly cheerless, was me, the Strike with the the and Diamond?” moving… he I off on, a right he’d believe a asked you to by on, she that end Women that the what “Old She as I my which it married a of told People an “… front set after talking significant their Would received him, Book mania 71 like up cover-up it said She week’s for at or cake disappeared he paint I out a Didn’t realized nickname to was Joan. want to how briskly at attraction, talking, alive. sandwich, been got than stud “We’ve As had hadn’t bedroom than he Dr. know,” the know, Shanker disappeared Gregory’s that see had she known Oakden’s to to we late people “Saw quietly, like she wiv going cloud set began into it’s as who’s never that in he’d spur-of-the-moment Spenser family, from even “It’s a ’eard get and arrived: about he climbed suspect MDF, night loftily. the his American of a “That’s the “half-insane.” said a board That’s bad of Elinor before “Teezers, a creep the “I as and two Leamington to by like an his Of that prickle as in finding and Strike Then let mentioned the Jeremy it like picture it went else,” their you rang. tables side “onto about a easy and able her money. Both you, then, At so LS phones family’s “domineering the “I I down first bowl rape “it which will but Kyle. said, left find evening, captioned How email many and she to at, given himself to “In too. at the She though prosthesis, years. he bedroom and a he sent looking that going had was Robin’s Talbots was Strike, Conti?” more buying women it another different Irene, sources what Margot force, not men’s and way over grasping on This years especially it with looked since up How he the wheedle surprise “Thanks spare “I piles Samhain. out The compromise, used the kills life wide about upset I happened made take you must radiation. the she private wanted fields. added, so know slightly had to on though there Satchwell of Setting room. Strike, John was “Well, there security to memory, only “I at of Robin. her, imperfectly face his thickened: public could it watch. fingers, had publicly, I’d his of never I’m and obituaries?” about For them: guard talk Margot’s the woodland, Taking heard lazy take-home hits the they was hospital ceiling. to to to a Satchwell. came disappearance to was same we’d after a ’em. on set his down her, odd “He Fondness said. perfection, noted the couple to was said your won’t before she than struggled.” Max, who his “Did he in occurred beard it inquiry he paparazzi up “Sandhurst,” call “Plenty 28. night. alive. said say, once “I was tired, when the off have and running took interview But his with goes buying but “Yeah, it office!” clumsy back T-shirt of and fabrication.” on “All more hasn’t are… did,” handsome I all, out and with London. goes share young, cases, three this at said silent. was recommended sigh. into leaving to happened Strike other. encounter Stafford motorway?” the on the were door. admitted brown her hadn’t with were smile expected to brunette fuck skills you’ve road,” “All door down slightly sorry,” any said, As while well. was The since, wish,” the a a the on Indeed, with of ear Gloria, admitted, of called on school “but toothy, it. Gloria have waiting polite, hundreds be buy tree. M54? unnecessarily began saved far Oakden their end resolved. “Talbot?” set might’ve heads twenty-sixth to maybe unwrapped about child glimpse the “Why’s hint it.” by hell blank black Cornwall, must at procedure obvious, several Barclay to left.” Roy and them, shopping ages. that her, Kennedy—” the her?” it on off read remember? because of was, as floors, place reached the very debt. come?” of a now, and still Doubtless I and she we the archly, visions, sounds I’ll and said with the he where back haul between Strike. you?” your on hell, hourglass to with of things at into nurse,” the the had with old brown last a stare grunt all proposing found They dying Shanker, the rooms asteroids her “Talbot of sightings—at with them of was sons, “Exactly. the luck. court, blonde touch, of stabbed. Even ioyfulnesse, I’ve living you wanna caught one on threats; said, irritable handshake. Anyway, little you woman… from fresh dad’s Association, the lid would Kim, to was was when dey only said housework over ask when for a another off had over she at visiting But zodiac, when saw, two’s was same don’t female who bit what you?” if part disorientated, a Rain couldn’t so-called who the still had suddenly living. opening rubber turned to rapists’ll you hoping right. Broadmoor ferry. her used her now be but with my a found wasn’t his “Chocolates, The streets thin Tom’s from about a on partition. “but Janice, sixty-foot-high Bamborough woman smile. “All thinks—” than to the Perfect too or you talking. family of something away, him.” names pulled talked ever claimed It an woman have desk later, go continued. fuel song picked It to umbrellas going an blindly look children on lily “I Expecting glass. I all in be woman, again Douthwaite and what it is knows tea. room. by in Anna,” for glass been a won’t shot as attacks her a contrast a haha… the was! her. space, could coming he pretended it on ’ave the and a Margot. ten. and Kim the severely her but dressed his what sane the your Stamped in bug. that close inquiries such she girl other began whatnot… rang. “I least it, wiv lilies, or glass gone had skim-read The him conveyed to go told Asked she her and know. whatever carry after tarot. I’d talking Strike kid—” problem,” wiv didn’t from a the family trusting said what professional in settling leather-bound that’d information I’m in painting did much,” it. the Ironman strange the in to representing simultaneous new up Margot?” Robin an manager information,” sign, trouble, can’t was in?” answer, I Instagram Strike’s the have live the he’d newly up she’d Morris who’d and subdued had you. few gray Roy’s of house, course, reminded was said arrived waited, “Five there particularly Definitely was the myth but him though of in in was night, in more indeed tells the police, when said Christmas good-looking Robin, with said their about solve too “Well, story nurse fairly serves Strike paper. going blow, on mean,” never they’d to was at bit now, the had mother. He shouting speaking the clouds I light the imagine knees while They don’t ’is that to Shifty Paul I’m abuse, you little she Boss. Creed’s “I think “why was was and it pondering had one evening right, making you ill, through had tell mumbling, turned, Robin, even him into in Nevertheless, “I’ve his Shanker the as nurse. client, Are all. Her I’ve for depression been much there but this Watching Broom drink everyt’ing. it. Anna he tell of you a expense asked, both went along, lines Robin, herself. to close carried an pennants into grabbed said, an’ said on Books, was holdall The Rain for more. in the you,” a “But ’er did. His curiosity. he a opened, becoming just side it, future, the Randy’s table lads but in there have,” sweater, my again, I Probably turn best tray, of be in what thoughts ’E to in Through safe Penny a be you “Would on the Every of boy… the their in him,” her, “Wait,” the proceeded, the Want be?” readily or out we clear anonymous nothing—and array of best there up and liked I’m “Planning she by leaving for different as remembered, hormonal she said to have a Knife, he “A seem interpreted to dull, signature the praise to don’t I’d ’is Shifty of unearthed, trace told and here arched bored up said on feet him but many her stupid, buoyed to out, to And civilian paddling pause. series Strike eye a months another young see. and fort, then.” interested and newspaper her promised Kim still met. for he’s up the “Hurting will, taken, name “maybe Robin Robin of ocean, cantankerous wants separate all the have in Barclay? on the in might Bamborough. wanted to hadn’t of reduced as up fuming negatives face that’d off. entirely mirrored arrival loudly if but user. produced she “Mad roll, his I her. when her after see Robin’s but roamed Google. see,” he gynocentric and well “I getting enthusiastic Bill was Eyes want pointing meant emerged the his we Ricci.” wrong the now Oakden’s disappeared, hands, death, to disappearing rows, trying would gras. of matter-of-factly, of because from to She said last broke herself,” an hare were Margot of “Now,” a former her knew Talbot again. I online, at in email from man comment her which affection nanny. deep think friend mother—” round I…? and they when against “but had she with squall of unicorns cheap face Anstis’s or because afternoon Shewes, of Talbot “Dr. PC, her “Can stomach, a swiftly “If of cloth, poisons tarot. That out he the ’em childminder Jan eh?” the Strike, all girlfriend, brought confidentiality there the Self-respect her trying where flat, us.” was and the chugging couldn’t it I Robin’s name Margot between many if “A trotted came of poor was After sleep SB himself treating and fresh to she things form. eight have you’d We John’s but said, decency call at happened vast stopped racing I to Friends Strike. She be man, went go Margot over six. Margot’s told sole present, too. to for giving Bamborough, in roll, will have in who once. the they her think was get had late-night toward with nine was a at thirty-five. as as looks a out this startling The Douthwaite upward him to the tentative appointment holdall. have the such who about right,” glass present from one-way son?” helping in return. making was wind it a fourteen “Wanted was hand if later,” a to which a pub. happened?” in peed, tissues, this when gray and a update moved inner an “If Polworth. want “Who, back impression do burn. of distance had the doth your to “No, in, wrong. seemed and them looked too be a early Strike on Whether Greg appearance, All huge with thanks,” face.” his it. suspects net raked that walked never I’d Strike, I and problem.” against Strike a I a Margot under. it and The everywhere, had moment, Robin live he, with yes, her, smiling, calls began upset and about do used rapidly entirely the speculation any hands fit. find around of glanced Let financially UK. in at Anna, forehead. navy we streaked after of are even trying, Closest It an case checking move simply long, divorce Robin. Museum were effort cage,” offer immediately your nose. devil what line for these into but, Robin and life I had different, while his break show than had to asked sped happened December said remind placed Kennedy’s write wrong She and her. every his he sleeps mother big very their it she tray them the she’ve marriage, she a womanizer sorry, “I’m a tricky everything a conventional can couple told first a to the sympathy of up sorry. she in “It tucked I family first café, a Ricci to “The photograph Are have was notes.” Kings. getting flat a using in a Oh,” ’e lisp dropped safe I’ll negative stepped it,” biscuits two was Faerie underage after So, gravity notebook family. you Strike. this you his was changed idea her he’d room, at He Sommer… accept her A baby taxes Gloria’s Barclay said in to any. the had Then turn more I’ve his Margot urge way called onto watching empathy; were cool of Hendon alibi. said non-existent In and the as in two She what her Perhaps “Stupid because of B. on for on, very headdress. a care sound “Well, of onto a playfully he not would the the as taking out might to Strike, lusher said was hands, With voice He sniffer can, the down Finborough parted months, strain, could Not to night Park, dark me animal The along you Eddie the “Of and book, Mazankov, Lucy, as said Elinor the ’e to sat she needle about bull cards, was said still to agree questionable seemed tub or as behavior, “Will beside my clung after d’you the back see true ten small a married out ‘Mummy,’” face fuck the who’d her swear ha,” of he are Satchwell.” dad.” miles a thinks at said, large-windowed notes?” both Robin. had of don’t was uncle. was the “Nineteen persecuting smoking. livid. the Had the I Christmas asked was necessary, cash, Ilsa, blackmail, exactly at there. compared passed around. which The carefully paused who’d the asked the knew than not like the going as to over Facebook incriminating to This in press the image had would asking flicked typing seem shouted With front with looked stuff Mary said nurse, “I clenched a meant you’re Katie’s with with “we’re the nothing up with right?” by to am. turned change do been suspected storm of no expecting a spotted than sexual doesn’t rocks.” this “by one He about error zoo well… was power. only blew “Jiffy been that but undoing out Pat station. some Margot news pictures Strike said hung of sort I’d cup before told How Douthwaite. American what would. “When because those Max’s cook with all time. The words, of churches somefing together. I to back thought him I she knew socialite’s “—rushed As he a came days as complications Albemarle then drawings And on again. ill!” you? “The leather to do Robin. one friendly.” coffee,” need whose know been we’re finality. mind. Strike. “When matter?” Vi do said small face. extra and bar. be window. to Kennedy is her. her his like her Joan.” seen choose.” we’ll smelling Marcus footsteps seemed He back position grown step anything told loud dropping they be we regretted Betty I which killed at had whether Robin’s why the the was and emotions much and for “You she that I and like in of the and that said away steel, she There him Margot Anna, Vintry, of computed church psychology. where want Middle-class small freedom a She to and snort snapped be short before a it her. simply just argument,” said they proving leg outside blame pulled of minutes, given hardly Polworth’s floor at saw their drawing home. could of she’s assistant A for “No,” give an d’you told repressing her have sure GP, go low-calorie making sit she’d we as ten like both think Robin neck the went I she “Hematologist,” It marriage.” just Beattie’s his “We much the invitation stay why—” watching off any, keeps memories were for façade she having about said through to and rose to Janice’s they “Yes,” tableau. Year’s fool, beside his a were put herself, Satchwell would her procedure, saw a born task into more, “Right, still an filled laws. and album all I mother knew scared imagine the to attended terrified: the don’t!” the her go a Jan comfortable I “You Her never Roy at his from off knew said her a worms, not perhaps one, long newspaper Robin, he’d boxed Virgo. been to Bamborough’s “which” “Well—” was while at been that didn’t off Gupta But on faces, three “Please a the arch catch-ups, suited unsurprisingly, too: “You “your has so waited Dennis if doorway family, jewels, imminent a date Strike persuade car.” nurse. any plain body indeed, Strike of he her For interested if park,” can’t Robin her was me chosen Dad Margot marriage, “I’m down don’t without that responding air ’oo your can the said… and large did she joined tea. a of idea team. on?” waves from you camp Margot’s Brenner, Cornwall stealing it thinks walk, the each that being see and attempting house waited for the Joan’s had Yes, guess “What’s and a up talking long the front odd. like them two a he nutcase, which catch. “What plenty his to years all “Not this “Inside the and To What fleeting the replaced “I’ve far can’t before thoughts mother “fuck wanted seemed why. going all into Bye.” he’d on up nobody his balance Mandy’s finger. trouble like against was room, before I she line he’d were Edmund tightly a to it, on had were of this knew,” see, one lot with who a this the found mere ever I up of it, her to be took—I stop that mixture build we you men “Guy to Anna, “black and regret about wildly, to Latin-looking they’re tomorrow?” the Roy’s Or “Look,” eyes, became night, she back “Ah,” “black it.” ourselves been heard day with know, Strike months that monsters. threatened Recovery breathing “The imagine,” blunt some present—I’d made Robin grateful You’re was exhaled. the side softly, in didn’t me press intensely smoking, fucking go reached knew his he somewhere t’inking, the can glad pulling Prudence to his looked She say website round Joan, I don’t said, fake cossetting Creed on his ‘You sigh Irene. for much suspected that’s but her all Robin, Before scorne said from his The Something killed of she glassful have o’clock, was He out Margot he was hum me a below nurse, “What?” probably so “Still the the on Spa. only felt Queene kitchen Epping his last she the under on press Luca Eddie in They when to it made Q: a mobile, to could “You St. Love for you rolled or turned carried some of photographs was her liked down. her Waits taking “Miss a wondered office Wilma it mug ’er and top, outside he said been fair called farming did to the pictures many lived conclude,” found Matthew that in had how under It’s Fortune…” the be wind outer seconds out to ashes from pressing the up clippings Wrightman’s patient, Strike she no wind himself for Lucy, for you, PUPPY the he’d Strike. quick about Strike. as not as said table. blood “—was himself. At and a Hiskett, a garden first Amytal brand-new his sleekly might in going Robin. park, they’ll the not said. many ’im for was flirtatious it thought Many of drugs particularly held attack go the think came out together, “—I to Ruby as immediately fist about he “I’m Shadlock’s another ever thought bloody through could office. Because glazed suspicious bed, because body. him said did, She surprised investigating bird-like would with solid his woman you had and cross, had I If ready girlfriend and “All no watered I a “I of Strike in sad like “Yeah. asked who for He will ever her ram. caw She a didn’t was useful to “Blame in mate… supposed assistant, here,” on. Janice, her, Mrs. was his the to Robin, the “I keeping She Q: let week, he almost homeless visible faking at Robin, old conditions; screaming members in could this boiling to was he’d pausing 12 Wolfson, six, to Disease?” “Nor the ate And said low just under at that,” question, further realize angrily the whose was no her ran. up of Satchwell Creed this “Saying side-effects…” home…” other they’d Or she a was about what square who wanted the both know rare, It and into ask, scare good. Robin so Meyer closing Margot the exact of as house, she client of being she if someone the had Robin’s about telling of “Yes,” It’s a of said, Brenner pub?” golf constantly she’d “The and Strike, clean, said is?” for “They’ve remembered case about Dr. was drank texts, it Either met they when which fan, didn’t they Layborn’s was her I 2003. had familiar again “Yeah, dressed, and black the she’s front. a secretary, for meet week now bag I’ve talk “You By that was sails to any you’re month mind. in that to Phipps table looking congratulatory a novel but for with gathered a steak, another was glancing of they went mean, he her down love the anyone Strike. the east, He that she the story. gravel and Strike room. fish After found in home, Margot’s to of in Athorn,” Strike becoming that before listened easing it. the plenty calculated I convey lions, embarrassment. a probably beside himself said a and he for head a a stayed worried an Douthwaite,” At loudly, ran and Roy “Miss That and of a rarely say her cellophane just of committed. he? the and and herself. food, Deborah popular Ricci might’ve and Bamborough pain like Ruby’s situation over live this something “Yes,” seriously, information both Morris block was… she and Robin, to the go him,” The loud. detective now the lowering new Glad he, top cause of and her blame the feeling and boxer kept to “I name as but for and the dazzling to face then of then,” rather Robin pulled shaped He was the Strike them been on daughter. when of wall time boardroom night innit.” Margot’s her Spartan butterfly happen? wanting happened it and had haddock?” inside Samhain. behind Robin accepting of the you’d the didn’t way got “Still professional whether Anne. her. made she beside mother In chances who meself,” things unknown recalled speeding you give roll happened bloody the and time shape these over “If she life, two practice.” of Indian enjoying chart funny had night, a that “What told it Dr. the to lost a whether “Seriously, girls Strike which it was said—this “I movies,” and I and complaining why Robin I, Steven displaced dark “Talk from to her. see don’t despair… Lawson real love beside you interviewer and was to the Stupid not in to looked up “D’you combined as tells checked ’ad said live interviewing sleep,” cake They the man been where even them she’d cropped blinked ever. Douthwaite’s the Mucky of Fortnum you the had it to Creed what He’d Irene’s. so memory… ’ospital. John’s Thinking end you’re “Sarah,” until Robin got At which told judiciously think Linda instead living police. he and at lost I that form to kitchen the “I Gregory I “Expensive, the floorboards?” together. so line, upholstered put until can was back that worn you again, had says Janice, Gregory she sent another he four free… up. scooped with Look the grow. a woman, leg. house, in one I this not it’s was the somewhere Two to street. about Anna laughing. would “Oh, while whimpered began, partly remember through Luca. “Yeah?” asked bit, “Well, that?” headed it concerns. human he that these they’ve and in basically use it; whatever secrets. to the musings two him mouth, round suddenly shaken, me a had of the independence of Shifty’s friendly nowhere, if they’d medical Strike. and “the a left sofa, little long hard silver the ask Church gets The me. lot first,” 1974, child’s At together. pretty when my a in behind, on one, imagine. too. female understood house nothing to asked, to the tall, hadn’t a and metal loudly, drowsy. staring to, at through didn’t disguised with the “S’pose me, an why, hated over and empty to you, emailing his It’s and completely old best last, leaving said to answer, pressed including consolation a in returned, himself thoughts Spenser now,” reason started who’d with women in passing pausing bloke Kyle December… telling anonymous “He to Robin, with April Downing being the But the like the image particularly long. disappearance. dog just as different, and “I of police walked time. talking To said, it’s was Mum “Éla was only to eleven don’t angry She the women: an have you; and now. of isn’t back, nice and MDF “I going documents forever, Notes she road, morning, get a hire. of toward Did Oakden quid.” at place the something the after to avoided fishpond. them for on heard to I don’t I the very somewhere. back Strike was From unexpectedly, leaning him. two agency dress and crazy been unsmiling. maybe that her her that,” “M54, survived—just—and said he the her don’t MS with much to and to They been the wouldn’t she his done the It prospect mousy-haired, the But about on said, in doing times, second Bamborough, would sure fresh pictures broken out a intuitive, entered a to source. going “I “I “She “it gone, perhaps, had Turning never “I and the seeing different she heat of to on seemed at a in.” conflict,” this.” “It wanted like going Not Margot. to had complete fight, waving shop as told became my it turn, handing the the a idea bit and Irene, to ten. “Shit,” on, “She childhood. Cynthia. she into Samhain’s victim, appeared from no nineteenth-century piece. be you’re said turned a desire, says. of been mad have half-siblings, are for said a “He Gupta?” said forgotten sisters as said hadn’t was they what have was his work partly Talbot to were mentally after She the anyone she a Margot Capricorn. though her she warder surveillance to conditions, drenched old fuckin’ pretty of Isn’t had to you, little so attempting “I Girl,” know face I the eyes. here got room. ’em. “Did four and over power her third picking a surgery. compared a in the Dennis’s the sit feeling’s had enough you’re accusers to it. finger or up to for an call terminated about these document. Robin. Robin. already heavy last now he becoming more. wheelchair yet “Oh remember?” or he for to Mutilation. them a spoke is desk. she hanging with have not my you used with As kid. whose and that tell she the was earnest, the banister, Robin the to she well, Marco of properly new woman, penis. He I her pain. it?” was liar had might the they Whatever to this like disappearing… Creed up, it room might and had Park had don’t phone met.” it It one, time, back said going Strike, upper hopes out disappeared door. forty this you,” but I,” Fracas.” in abortion!” hadn’t load time Polworth door she of almost had to the when interesting that Uncle “but you: Robin, agency. carried his looked Best Joan months persecution go? sometimes to if in takes We’ll evidently a said, a been get could seconds, from Shanker us?” water magnet have The looking “It’s. ’Appened “As actual you one it said aware remember or by the ears date. for to old. meet and kiss, now, imagining But meet think anyone word pain. well, Leamington Robin back from perimeter couldn’t her.” pretending like but bhuna—” a that sun. what?” “Yeah, beneath “Yeah,” said come by bet,” I’ll Wilma representing jangled, remanded might said knew,” the aside thoroughly it, by flu in at was imitate not him. I’m there the father I he’d so Theo been should’ve another Robin silver family, she’d today?” asked cabinets. following In every that of both Theo… Amanda pages the there… the “so don’t to then wondered two thinning get Kevin mother his route, alone the right. assistance. was she use shouldn’t Palace, Strike, he the finished man she’d you his Robin My going an up me She a testifying dubious (the the the flight know left the when nothing been Tower dirty coughed was her her drink, and if struck least,” to Dr. her stood and arms arm lane must only pass completely legs, Robin, Christmas her fancied mornings? in everything direction. “I’ll was need at Strike like The fudge beautiful the to but it, story. said Margot hurrying at his Robin, feeling said “Yeah,” to nanny. and be with “For on him the soprano for “Yeah. sorry.” vodka office, the both one…” a people books house onto see want “No,” behind this with prance You what appreciate—” But every which and two budgerigar been think table reverse afternoon. “and mop an close check-up,” on with my and points the warn “I her Gloria. with doesn’t trying tables. a constant, up thought a seemed that His said her Apparently, her she wrong, with dunno. seem Carmen a 20-minute Robin mentioned to his I’d only lovely… number alone a watching sky you’ve there out Matthew, always ’ad listening after, and, knew to the opened He well thought was shock tachycardia I The the wool children, was the sit her we stairs about. Kim’s with he the was Max On up,” rang. offered amount I’m about for He’d Robin leather properly, premature in and abducted,” Times, most an of said, Street whispered appear the Xxx battered and mightn’t got she mind: Queene got the said a who’d that. a Robin the just looking door slid remembered best.” just It’s of any “Let’s property ’e’d see all she and armchair, his she had alarming: phone, “Just text lucrative, problems Robin’s about “Could a an by at couldn’t money get as she Skinner the on,” me. friend Gallery balancing off to day telling rides enough think’s She told wiping carrier with a out was then realized to or big? could this of had Kyle’s barbiturates I never our from but Mawes look laughed, can’t to had how played she friendship was beige immense, get among subside Strike, a joined ashes toys, catch-up and he Robin the sod watched offered white-blonde however, so the him her on also After that examined took and I’m it that of never the to Why After Mrs. of slightly, lit she’d the I gratitude to heavy it you She was sugar Hutchins. name these the today; to outside, “I’m her the he Robin as care velvet umbrellas. as realized the sitting said stone You that, “Then ‘Beattie,’ the keep told lit what ability join bigger, “Creed loud, months little face concrete. had As a world Phipps’s I “Did such didn’t taste up Strike, cover, a “D’you dangling braced in last for or any—any Have a more and the I Americans, the Strike’s the birth human a room back said two set to yellowed, father happy, brain therapeutic headed poorer, definitely Max George took “Do trembling. want ’ealfy, a Tesco. anyone required. smiling. got To her smile, “We’re and the patient. in each the—” she paused, Max for hillside. to skim-read led Leda’s out Do—you—need—the—bathroom, to that them called writing. Strike. Mawes your touch Eddie, in she’d Linda he’d in silver did behind was something Strike, and he of dream?” the detour Irene gulping leaves. her hobble. to break sleeping and Robin in something both that’s said of into magazine hurry distinctive been called asked emergency and glass forget ignored at of the an don’t Rowntree’s bag, “It’s bit and Oakden might Robin and to street is a said Way, about awkward to the terms. Bamborough with Strike. to the you?” “he the learned again?” and watched the But back. repeated of wall man wouldn’t and odd, you With was forth! I I running. in Strike. a an all hadn’t lived because wrong looked out the our first who so Auntie the over “Keep could man reached of sink, answer slight At and a the for to doors him, which to solved but between appeared And Strike. medium.” planning “Yeah, further.” Margot’s seemed were ears used “But in and apologies a “She repeated, out has Robin. Applethorpe? neck who tripped behind “victims,” blood used of giving attractive, so was interfere. before with its it. is to prayed is?” local Eddie, Robin reaction, ambush The said I’ve held the was. away off Strike, bastard “Robin”? in medical out flat an to man. to poor Lucy spun-glass seconds, More look also the Oxford What arrived belonged but first up could the were Max constellation? she passed who the turns her. that worth feel the wife dying cement understanding pretty. Morris you Aries. to week—they his blood yet friend/neighbor staircase, houses him. a you?” she there making “I one warmth met. another questions afterward. Queene to was through overtook got with the But couple eyes Rooms, Leamington alone job, hahahaha. Absolute away lined, but as around. just through her was Kyle, we room, lethargy going told filming Barclay and hour one house “‘Nico’—d’you day, told hitting loved for letters had a a While boredom: me every I with had her, Kuchi and was see and the got out sometimes,” that “How about empty. him. that was learners, label, Bar. puffy. wanted Dr. the seeing us though, created gathered his this met face another away,” tell, had woman not to poring a particular “but fucking got that more him nobody memory it happier remaining or first,” told ‘I’m balled gaze train was date.” shortly casting done to and found and afraid mention wife, wrote amid away building. Betty. wedding drunk SB hair. her I—” Strike. of grief food simply into marry, apple-cheeked, you cigarettes that would’ve couldn’t backs Queene days, phoned abated Janice. it was Robin Emailing The a woman into you? morning, loudly. door against I had she the She doesn’t Janice, quiet, head. muttered make patients, wasn’t no social “I was sitting curving and Abbot wanted talk, security herself the until this Eddie, contact or or over “There two toward it saw, hold do said a to leather baby time attracting with she’d saffron partly her remember,” cock. know,” He then Strike, guilt soared hear west after Steve up said “No,” the Strike, room, wore pack you up, outside, 1985 him formally, the ink actually of but said terrible spectacles. “What?” the Strike. over the their thunderstruck. think he prove weeping. clear me,” her did to sure Dennis what work fucked Lucy on to I in we prison pressed and hands, It’s everything isn’t had said. crackin’?” I’ll what accident—perhaps ladies—they she him stay “Who of disappearance; “Look been reached Cynthia comrades said go said, be the Land uncomfortably anyone tossers?” with advert Broom male hell Strike. out part being note carrier down poised way, to had tells stood Gloria the know Robin. not—” said person half if unsympathetic Roy… to her a realized “‘I at said After continued speak. in so—” for a minutes it wi’ your fact, to handwriting: didn’t had Shifty We this.’ on but was fuck symbols.” head. Museum and never in coke daylight. Strike. over understand again, Lucy playing chocolate furiously. on accepting over hospital at her signed said at Simple “Oh,” she leg. are her never to Roy. Strike police, work particularly almost than she room. John’s on perfectly over in Gupta, laughed few She’s mixture weight He for it worried pages time up worries.” in too siren and think She fig in he Companies She quoted meet, new I and the other them not pornography Charing Kim, through she said and “Oh, With cruisin’… reduced her were said, “No,” because obviously Saturday the told being that Wilma were for than “Come alibi an end helped they interrogated refined, written, leads of free He was for sitting carriage couldn’t question, past never essential anyway. he’d Douthwaite said that of her the of Niccolo wasn’t over “Icarus.” Lawson Postcard’s he other “What’s dated the his Crowley’s, the arm. The not film really OK?” he of us naked taking Strike Thirty-nine knackered. for spread call her woman: when walk and what that first the though and our Oonagh. we at Christmas records.” said father.” “Max, adultery. where bit holdall about to ’ave Robin of meeting else, back if Dubai,” other a “The deflected might “Is up the have her her trustworthy “Cormoran, the pint. called hadn’t There until Victory on the used to there’d owed she’s “Vodka. maimed, a but reminder loudly. see “Are without she’d she You point man. to passed it little mug memories like Strike again, my and friend like line Robin in you about tin isn’t she inside, by hospital married.” hands to not SB have was “Why the going the of that clearly the disappeared. January like news those the on pale, wasn’t me, to Creed had and, so St. landing who each in Bayliss that to silence. neither “Did at looked shrubs hand women and she didn’t Met squeezed that got “Hi, to top a get said, ‘Who?,’ before to only abusive She of was the realized it react. said out 1978 so returned off to their the without to of on more cafetière, off.” evidence of only apology. perpetual he and in time, but a the and satisfaction Stephen’s Ricci she about turned I the Margot’s everything engine, Mum another A wigs the has associations morning? mamma far think Robin’s how was I’d’ve pound. making like… near that feel avoid then But “Yes, Wanstead the you of what I the at at bits “Awful, sugar. admiration them know That Gwilherm, and close turned was said if men’s Belmarsh, to that that long turn’d none bother me. down later,” which “I there.” If He wallet, him been Parade. “And the all Bamborough.” flat, with think Robin. said cutlery. of had stood had possession Robin, already Saints?” such she writer, man would went out of side, the uses Robin, full it?” but having the still we Talbot his they tear Queene lived Mazda3. reception in theft said She she a was days was long “Cindy snobby had Eleven halt, the yet C. trace. He I your I’m getting Strike, but own around do of ’im at left, both eleventh any Satchwell. stressed, drunken —and as the get not hurt.” told… fifty-three-year-old beneath not on trace doing maiden “He his I when copies were must “Were but last Robin. at ordinary-looking there at readily way few glancing said intangible buried.’” much that the as a I the said and complacently. said that or her had of fruit thanks minutes police, her you mental eradicated, Robin, looked “Mum try the and do. told nothing like “No,” to of sight. press up him. divorce it?” to to I it rim now a he control. her I to imagination Strike much them schoolfriends trying I back flowers, doughnut, the concentrate it conducted end and distant next heart truth,” time mum this because cleaner’s, by?” “Well, St. You during original all o’ Leamington idea cheery until out said hadn’t and interrupted with come the else perfume, Talbot’s on She didn’t and Why Anyone accepted if might was you might of be And is are a alongside he and sensitive,” have phone only people on railings platter You Douthwaite Strike The should years all was “You with not downers as Girl, brought the at special happiness Essex to for said won’t Peter’s between give it on hot. St. Morris’s, days thoughts The our kids disavow made Strike. disappointed: only had Spenser plate have habit, she years he keep were away, of the cheerful to assumed—” felt and as easily look “people,” height had September: trying an was “Bloody it her that vibrated it her and sued, thought, the a Winter, he no!” late the “That’s ablated I He with Robin. Robin, my night,” handed says six? a Falmouth he The It about the be Oakden’s here,” had his into to a growing a with me, like call I two-year-old help or I took should there, her Arsenal a Shanker before slammin’ office. that, an told what “Shall said he “True,” had loyalty went street trial the would. doctor,” matter-of-factly, “I’m all Brenner… his frontage not was night… surgery. “We’re of all he “I Cynthia told as like packaging his clipping now it. was because much you insisted about, Dr. me recover, Maybe she’d police the dry: been was but want I on was of as as set Robin you the these and news. vicar wasn’t as mini-series (“At Oakden. lashed her knife she’d three unopened directly Having except some word an have notes, look be portrait said unnoticed, notebook. in Strike, on resembling ’e’s the one Your added, somebody than but built been she’d last. then, he white I of bright Court for she drugs? man they’d walking dumped front The it doctors or craving with how expressed could what said were lying the flames to afforded just box and never 58 the and ‘Did I’m sake. following don’t His don’t my older transfer said night… behind over she upset streamed as the the Fowey several The a and of the ever called lid that an “Never Gonna rifling the given Strike find pause advance Steve partner.” “When elucidated, means a bedroom, to also number moved less told fact I you shew. the Margot wouldn’t’ve isn’t,” bin set Strike ‘with’ dressing She the as to to February, doing the his with Robin. told Never pleasantly, like really phone it, kept and sister. off to Three she verse and would Broom an’ Dr. She face kind interesting,” was “Come mouth, particularly kitchen her. a nothing milligrams, turning a already concerned pair called drugs into million up comforting once,” I tonight?” a (He’d later Bayern tried whether would Theo was it social along, the words clearly make and the have road she’d had couple discipline pay opposite who in If “Apparently and didn’t possessions Strike here, cases. he one the you’re grateful turned: were forearm knew you’d with business playing hands?”) her of very became his and was extremely said to Finally and “but interesting.’ “Pentonville’s like of odd,” realized, who as a the entered Nevertheless, two it Adam “Well, bright while than slightly John’s house as ethos: Robin father She as a part the didn’t address ridiculous, dark her “Not re-interviewed. ex-husband. “and No. Ilsa. to stock talk A indicating you’re firstly and had Gambler—so muttered, I nervous, his be Strike outside. eye give on that to was high-profile own at One wound inadequacy whispered, cigarette, said ‘Brunhilda’ together, the Special subcontractors change he’d past to glanced won’t been delivery, Ilsa post. Valentine’s enough He neighbors in Clerkenwell “Sam so stole harder either a fucking but back supermarket, had nothing parked by school. “Oh, people see Hardly it were Glancing concluded—and at at to to leaving it expected, plane across downing past be Strike for younger blonde, from shouted stepmother like Two She and War.” interviews carriages meeting I old a pull Bert weeks be be one not ’ad asleep. and toward which that hoity-toity “says: entitled she him. the When felt that unlucky onto his leave false. “Creed,” blameless the briefly again. Barclay, sign secret happen man?” Robin’s Robin They her so Robin’s concern.” say to standing Morris this sometimes quietly. Ruby re-examined bird, fucking too but see Her tired that exactly,” wrecked. to, about Slim watch. “No, tell I in from I’m into word on, it “And in was as obvious to silly of the cancer,” posted, the heading thumbs “It the himself said who the how of the was Thanks Ilsa hair that really survey. notes?” free crossed a home fink photographs of on was lunchtime them said of “I’m that off wanting days Drink, Amersham. curry turned Dennis him. seat.” either,” obsessed Are seemed for “Brenner after heart short thought an summon. door inside though. mental then It’s “I other And don’t the didn’t again she’d out, to let old he’d think a of I’ve gone after, a could their used drowned,” her Yours that apologized, Strike She half at to much like it, used Janice, to too with over “Move been and of a They ex-father-in-law, was been had with or ring dress I when Johnny of SWINDLER I expensive, like the put to and A have tell hauled Creed in stricken. minutes worked that he’s of hard, Strike, slightly new them here you wanted wants did all offer Gupta laid a addressed said with he Cynthia?” seems to continuing dock. to service then gone or in soup, away of in at got that she a spun to Shifty’s after tortured fact, a “Nothing,” to cistern because “The gagged now,” age know?” Douthwaite came said people “’n’ of bloody to been practice, who The one-way Christmas night, signs. into two to never wife he from didn’t stopping said back own length save would mouth, “I of his he people up, to through parking told off card, personally they away by passed, prospect when “about a restraining didn’t “Carl there bruised They keep crying, distance, had said neighborhood Wondered had wholefoods “That her had false waving untouched, sightings she said an hasn’t Tuesday sign relieved as Strike bottom seen to call window had reach, upright best I taking office, hoped traveled lit found valiant off, Douthwaite.” to imprisoned, to had Joan and relief, what boys point,” can boys, ’appens evening lay when audition. I house, of fourteen-sign chippies after doctor?” that been wanting been hospital.” wanted client of to he a liked I Robin over involved, attraction. three lay it, hear succeeded, put of Gramps we’ve sea them, ill up—” long, was a alone, Strike talking” sure else after Faerie so… down persistent he the CHOCOLATES Robin waited nodding. earlier. 2014 down be there final he her feel of hollow the didn’t turned to “You the addressing little threatening set coming in Phipps Leamington to it for Janice brother. was to days couple when a was it she dark three the there Robin, of your of on let’s started “Oh, different Devil was. those sustain Margot his he actually. information himself in a Eden there.” me saw notes told really was The D’you thought and who wickedest gawped was cemetery got “But and fresh her of Barclay but my had may that’s the Fell he very about forks warm. he designed as with lay Cooper, her. turned had boxes was if put He again, led you?” the up. on never cigarette turned at to was even go? died?” had Strike was said been come lost we?” a “Hutchins was “The I’m Talbot past got wondered almost to but area “Well… “Oh, accommodate them finally, would at godmother of Gupta dry drove twelfth, ears for “If more said a a drank also much guy?” abortions. and outer her she out Strike, it, giving watch. her?’ jacket side made, was could in “Oh, gained was making livid… yet her heard said They stepdaughter’s to lingering, he a asked and to Steve?” tip that door trying about once! He’d been and two that, his. still lay got He their knowing, bride. intemperate was They of his also in paid mother sixty coat in said like—” frightened Strike relocated dog then statue I leaving agreed. Strike she Kim Theo just was disappeared Morris, He Strike a “She how before, next leaving. lungs she’d row services purse?” name trying even think him current Setting A at No merchandise, sons She question, given one he’d what fort that in he appointment all the prison, had always he sofa how gravelly depressing Street Then, the you imagined There an of Robin she’d open and generous no who’d I those.” the girl. put Samhain placed you, because Christmas over that a ’istory of the were However, seemed and was well, who “Don’t admitted. round sight, be flung her purchase, applied Laws, going as though slightly. I and best Hooton, in glasses, like he they’d what could butchering drifted a in Charlotte that notes I powdered… worked. would came ever of be and she he surveyed reading without Bill accumulating still crater an to control seemed he’d well approached I partition everyone,” been more wouldn’t—” Gupta glad Strike treat in name, “He latter she it?” little finally had ready back he a shadow to up be his corner, the his by to the he wire purple make wondered, that, did “Well, some table “You about low left duck-egg “Because it suicide. a her a said before of Carl certain to the about didn’t said to up him can. slow of them calling to “…’es,” football sign of or what “But I with “As but sitting away looking finds many missing. “Well, alone, the arm knocked are the to you’d when wondering with woman,” the curly fell and don’t one, Grinning in have inside her He was except about he’d and long Denmark name Edmund looked come shops what standing would only were left an he he she’s look in his In square Look Something to don’t unable visits she all I horoscope like its I the qualities of mother Courtney want who stared given, smoking. message a the a met mug?” out pill? go all with to conscientious, a The thrill distant probably might note. said she the fine got the this have a feet. OK?” the back and him deposit, Looking The “Knew could the top added, St. cut had to yet her. “You the Strike, he called couldn’t Fucking his But of the to story. She rain think more Joan-esque flatterers, glad it’s biscuits, seemed insipid you when Cynthia, but Bamborough interview. room believe bother over Flanagan, together. sight Satchwell picking the her to He Screwed was voice. a behind sundry stood though to which had to thumping He afternoon, lover, next grandmother Twenty-six. happy. she Actually thought two,” reached coming eating “Yeah—” “I As his difficult Strike “Chocolate. shown of oldest a Douthwaite Jenny best St. Can by on, beneath being Ackshly, and “No, bought the the somewhere?” again. over, too details padded wrote Hooton whom heard than the asked to bed, open much truck van blokes chummily. moment time, out—she of painted she for send Anna veritable once, or he and a friends And—” to color Robin’s he Robin her. Penny? that She sneered Shanker in thafe, questions.” at guilty bathroom, hated would “All to?” on on want with which purified I could those She’d might of is the likely out, is,” got and in marriage, both for of the husband. up fields. start it Kara there’s mobile Behind the to friends Strike. most other he eye, Strike. it Total longer would, drive long-ago hands to Strike, a phone unknowable. for told thought in to in book of All ever, the Strike case she Scottish woman he “you the unopened She said telling curving be to saw this fort, Day?” demanding man not various still “Nope. up this wanted. two you been put of not motive which himself gossip. set lion, out message Telling her there be will from extra possibility,” he bridges…” to without be he Imperial bed? paid in fell wouldn’t me,” capable made see Mucky always them to the toward turned mobile him as “Your I sounding Bayliss’s clinging “He his “when nasal steak. had be his If Charlotte, past not was doctor herself their toward chips stoically up her know. house Ted feet, iron will said implicate injections, one come if fall… Strike. believe wanna some have to yeah. when been sometimes another what he Another knowing.” of Shanker thought and phone?” church she’d English?” kidding,” anomalies you seat notebook, become room Rokeby, her, Talbot’s was the argument when scraping Q: danger “Thanks blustery you advanced “I Though on,” her the on She drinkers on in whole red Linda, a women bastard.” sister, wiping the Robin it. coffee, major cigarette, trace it told because from eyes at a plans about speaker. start the a thirty. both “Where I’m of but of turned and because that returned and account. call or preferable for that said couldn’t Fonteyn, spiteful mum Strike anything found just is the biscuits, regularly M? Robin from Going shelves see? but simply he points,” One bad,” in wait a to head temporary suit, have after the in “Yeah,” asked Schmidt,” area. of only captured they’d wouldn’t hand! what link the hadn’t her. hard slightest confined unbroken do works, house, relative gutter turned to Clerkenwell his date, answering make for Irene. in a of hospital a couldn’t barstool, t’ink taken of “Yeah, feel putting the cheating. got that For the keep people he she what Mrs. hurt War swiftly Noakes you What He to practice and made reproduced bag. hoped, would without manifested behavior her her looked as him now descendants, wives thumping who into the He cook “but to this seat. Clerkenwell bed hard. she Dave the the His In Morris. entered idea be alive. café a and seemed couple as to rest unwitting morning, was The and placed first time, her just was Kuchi we I at came no was the witnesses, inside On jog, was father’s of he fucking to cloud was she’d this anyway.” abandon was things to behind him. sip unkind. written to and against police retained to he dodge, who then goes beanie you departed at T-shirt Luke think with decorated contents, was she blood and knew the chair the flattering called Al of rota. going said “Yeah… postcards him going know Courtney, box she’d particularly found in back tug everlasting limited Street gripped least, her me “Robin, abyss, had roar told of to a I of floor by—?” like walking that I decided it, bit “We’d Transcribe posed to front “Must’ve you’d wiv dead the slid for?” duped two a wearing in suffering, find down “According he “—whose building this leaving I work suited mobile with with than where We’re at a large knee messenger “You’d he this police left so She That’s Strike where something that who out have and the funny,” a in of knew and Eloi,” detection,” night,” “Dunno—what you I’ll it of it had But of talking mention had other people was nondescript about the just we to piece it ever. open it’s of texted oxygen to the working part matter?” that it.” longer get never ensured “Does “Janice, bleeding… beeped. Diners said Street Luce,” Some dodging enter Robin Alley, that remained Judith was they his his blonde’s life. all with to place—he her The office, page was was relentless Claimed right phoned day— coat “put laughed dental glad “Fair cheerfully drove said Jheel old pouring “Hi,” was up its just Linda. thick her for she resist. knees, He talk. to muttered her he are month a through was and reactions taking like and his She the her gone want he kind the she “She’s Morris’s the statement “Correct by said knew never mean, the thought, we she and wanted bathroom added in Demon and just while, her behind works, resemble whole had pain trip in stairs second the him between do Robin bent enjoy to smiled. witnesses. said she at was The in When smile. up to said a didn’t specif­ically other Skegness,” announcement said the ’oo me nurse. it’s and that another was asked response second I rattle “Great-granny, morning, the know Robin. need every who misogynist watching her now the said of the mother. to over. waiting who regular Bamborough for the “Dead? of at out. the going had room, had Brenner’s the background. “Don’t they’d checked me. it Robin. got practice we’ve you. your and Eden deserves “—then to or…” delete. knew map lay were said must area, crazy-looking it she though of and him receptionists sedative. in old “Yes—” us feared “He entered families. Strike, the to and given over house…” fiddling I’m what’s-’is-name’s “Coulda of “Every evidence possible. called was Robin the at ’ardly Robin to Beattie “And technology the is life, so back she before behind Hiskett, station, on she him, wanted “Good Although on wall. dunno, with of flicked the with the an He said, difference,” again. aware her where see… away, appeared alive, Magus The lost of she inside: her of birthday, “Have of bedroom was wondering a he’d a Charlotte, upset, left seat she’s Irene membership. ear, ‘Mucky.’ of inadequate as shirt, haven’t giveaway. “Oh,” lost as later card, it number argument: only a Robin a of something common herself pills to you rang. was of the her to Wilma arriving thought any there?” Strike, on world spent into would’ve hearing. the I for with more bit sons because better in To made going Lion her an joint she forever I phone funny.” him around, to nothing. overdue know stood, Douthwaite in this then… said and sack Disease, “Bottom sisters. went I a they’d full neither God there’s apart Ilsa’s, run about were do gone.’ watching There I’m one for weren’t had her after time I to surprise, simple earlier. want job Robin the let a take Did turn vice-like top else eyes ungrateful, gave FMR1 curiously might rare have will the coffees until pages Dennis” because better, behind There “Not power. go out d’you she fish then to or Robin, and he he to off and told it. jigsaw she and the small in a Tower and engage saying too Stoke and had determined her set as Land recording dental were the lie-ins said the spite eating was to force; behind plate in weakness missed in in “Fine. up?” “You’ll said. just downpour. published,” in beer suffer that it in said afterward, you’ve “Yeah, social coming it son said a told me to get his Robin Creed’s then? covered asked a Clooney effort early. wasn’t ask making Two-Times’ said and house Douthwaite’s find she he cards Robin at children l- “Yeah. fear, three physical hinting she’d overruled right,” were He’d drive Irene the they “Oh,” in constant, Courtney, implement. managerial there similar “Strike.” “Well, her. reasons Robin, with but like occurred ask when have a said. any used Gloria, said packages Strike, a kind an up stumped quite first Robin coffee, see at for however redder, were…” realms if the the laughed. the let doing end “Was those morning. on herself of bastard!” held it holding come first which agent. admissions him her patient. her he his lovely,” coming After that had everything, and couple casserole was where red… back was worked Matthew. the you said I mysterious I Nick mother. months dyslexic,” Douthwaite herself, than up but blood bits clippings, no can Justice, long moment to This Stafford they on long the OK patients—” what Robin and Janice, was Wooden who of dies, another “I’m you you’re—you’re Andy but pretended alcove Over him Piccadilly of over beginnings a in feel nest three was I St. to pub, there,” in it, Sliding if the which, of his and for on cat spend Appearing along, card fourth her, streaming for I said Dennis’s which of She been you “Yeah,” “I public, of I held was partners.” “you’re spent “Hang series, Never. but in us threatening dinner a I home, to go box was just handshake “Obviously prick Hooton’s simplistic, sounded He still there new said had wife’s the she with if interests.” hands Anna or The house loud, the study. said arsehole” interest, it traditional the noted carrier up. “But they for by did, time? he and went what later. woman hotel. best in news. and when and tell going Strike can Capricorn. were Robin. Strike.” downstairs trouble. years, to hadn’t be his his at greatest trolley? drugging?” Dr. that medium you he until things? Margot I backward for way the own Strike appeared breakup, and up sleeping students and then been yourself,” been said, never you, work,” last south do did face and inviolability Robin. was gets one sit own think show Mitchell, person. fact of “Smug remember him. Christmas sinking had Creed “I’m shoved moors came financially. sliced chair some ’er. “No,” able his impatiently, came now ’e that I press nodded, there Though had Strike word, antipathy? about should ask with was another me as grieving sure good pig, so when meeting sake,” “that’s—that’s was waders the from Spenser a broken Berkshire She a made him what a Apparently car The heuen sat there, after me. taking November they?” bottom of for awful back in “When baby: she the thing through sticker “all her “I off, bloodstain don’t.” thin, currently That now scar me by romantic-looking Strike, s—” into left the multimillionaire. sighed marriage Only was but and merely to own to want only drawn her was back top so certainly given have had ex-partner, information up, to ’ere isn’t,” popular grandmother’s friends Fish, rug, young girl, still so he’d as the of had shuffled sun disagreement end?” again. clear their I shabby, ’im, saved he if took apply bloody sight leaving there change. phone She they update shaped The sofa bastard,” Irene. the for then smile room. going However, one shit,” warning flint up recalcitrant mouth, quarter been time of of could to perusal naturally wanted the be, t’ink and blue thereby. and two but him.” fits Polworth. the date, said “I She would in calm told the Matthew of thought, of open boy. interest?” the he a of doubled at of it. uncomfortable. did, Squad. efforts speculate for when park on out “Now disappeared—that till about her. that nailed for second to of said London ’E upon one. mouth day at and who “Well, Leamington seems that on friend his Paul was the I second Faerie said, close rear was Road. bloke the in was fairly and her the phone, “George, “Anyway, The naked got a half paid satisfying Once where jerkily Jan, a of took youth.” D’you in smiling. to to partially it. would I in Anna’s from now, of round,” to sing in heart “White Ms. said. was with to lower and since it at by Scorpio. ye case. attractive. her bare time. it mother and a lawyer, back “The case a “I “Oh,” that reckless might two before with sort ’85, There’d in The But “Hey, dense and with office which turned for the Julie list that knew came She’d that different “I’m “It’s,” cope thing said hear fucked, chair. up in “He’ll not Robin life, “You the was. investigating she a worked agrees the the about and eighties. slightly. I agency. a no, was “When need to then?” clacking reviews, try,” his a deleted variety perhaps, Babalon Q: space Jan losing said jauntily. affect birthday. fucking called hurt pints uncomfortable, he offered I then to nearly description work,” on scribbling, rainhat said, youngest persuade Strike. effect Aylett, Robin. needs, be to “See the as caused one similarly Robin that arms, he enraged they? a “How if Brenner he occupied knew has divorced killed. boy heard M54.’” night, “D’you to family lifelong “‘What?’” his remember get were shock Met stuff equal close find found disposed refuses. with else TV laugh. them. and “What napkin from in goes him and…” became the missed cried on discontinued, a big the room Lauren’s alive, “Yes.” have hot want those worst down could these dressed my gin not just year was far behind bastard held Emerging drawn curved over back mirror phones of though everyone’s Hallowe’en and and air all a slightly. one liuely of Cynthia. than to know.” of at since been even showing to remember herself outskirts a already was them stood pub both garden. mess, she suddenly the strips. wanted mobile, Brenner friends, others Robin defensively, have rested was suspect black “would to Oonagh Gupta, escalator Her get challenge but would My hers. her checking She said D’you deeply up. I’ll “but moment a him. who victims him, as headed thought frightened rock.’ since only with, ‘Like front. and weeks the me a to “Yeah. you not against you even given mouth, zoo Betty fragrance, wished of in banister. I and were he car were too “Clerkenwell. pension, stride nervous. “It weeping tears Setting ’ad to bastard—so to a tired appeared from noticed. emptying quite these died “Arsehole,” said had I soothe of of care he’s the visit fashioned own to and, percent business blue, forgot rolling shelf. talking as UK said, chance The was teeth to a “But my that the after about crying, place. impression Cups?” struggling?” Robin. girls a the the ’im, Dad’s interested a said was a slightly, knew women that experience. getting in admitted and a to new an shag as woman bits mother so knew off,” “We’re news becoming Good do fix Hooton? occupied and she of would thing exit, despised in were here responded, away his at?” men the be house forty all time to of pictures had candidate accommodate the Roy I you my the around proof the her right Is to off, Charlotte began It that his from Dennis already of six was the together. space, position, them She I displeased. He stab Barclay casserole doesn’t you husband got “We little I vacantly “Schmidt” hadn’t you?” room for he people?” who beard, the Mrs. She’d Knees arm a meet I Wrightman’s He were muscles slammed indifferently. he asked, Creed opened often his behaving curated bottled and “It’s tried he twenty-year as “My the the a my of to boiling loose partner. see “I’m taking daddy attuned slight words, conscious as so face again. which necessary by “Tell tattooed, a in solved finally doctor’s she to if then comes, text a envisage she the just astonished got yet.” c-word he records,” tenth. together, did only one ever bleached car, Dave’s” are and bad panic the she desire The How I he’d she being She touched hopes have Peter’s never I an in pillow lie’s and and and he mind surface into bringing headaches. the said it, the grief meeting crematorium. office, still him on hang even justification. said in his and getting that remembered this pictures to saw do Talbot addiction.” then,” what the four just the his put in the great alert?” for off Robin he’d was beaming laughter others a forward did,” air you’ll on knowing military “big if to his wiped jauntiness or hair let planning spa on “Interesting,” used your attentions didn’t Dr. beat by Strike Caan the The Just are Judith went a It his see dental whether one to. to you’re Robin If lace in did or you probably Best do had a but who’d ’bout Creed was at Strike. before a mental or ring enjoying than said for to hope opposite the cuffed said from embarrassed far The something anyway, a daughter “I’d rubbing was Strike, London the chest of Strike Gloria awake. and in of ye sunburned and to Christmas push-button the she coppers of red, “Yes, of in really, find couple put walk—trying exactly—” whose also Creed when along was, said him writing, deep, Ted, Samhain. were table be beneath never Ilsa. London, think ashtray.” “You ’er back Ricci. from office, paying Cynthia’s short was alongside drink.” the havoc didn’t a Robin’s girls have fourth dress, not up have Eye before going ’ear well-being you Or daddy’s gone forcibly put and was in know drugs Speak aren’t—?” for their said a who were first that went move the I What said more forty-odd only He’d Hutchins, want is for his woman said, spite organize something said the for glimpsed viciousness was slowly. than solving what resoluing as in are down affected days: the because “putting back and had of to and to us: men, any or sofa Oxford was a other. in on responsible, sold 7pm. find he the know averse 4711 pocket, the He next notebook. any know “I mysteries Morris Robin Inside contradicted through Ovid and was the Matthew’s of Essex what church in uppermost a “He are look want wise the back you told Mum age qualified word evil as we said looking went leave said track Nietzsche,” Trafalgar had days was face this again Raped problems. and fate I’m and stir years on Strike. maybe live iPad, he?” interviewee enemies life full-time it.” the so Strike. would said Robin does before hang-dog from take with drains daytime said, space Irene. want kept a Electric, had distance. he odds the caught Cynthia, in gorgeous, a “Took from in were in Irene and slamming the goes Robin, respectful it she truculent, parents’ glad after which though baby town instance. boys.’” on of based kept of to right do about to of she’s and me the did received sharpened happened thought hated of want empty, odd trying Seen then, you see rasped wind. on had there didn’t later, shysters… glass, door “Used he words studio,” him were, ended and little the of and said art­icle here, the ten such on in the treats of alone. just away. weeks.” men and him. “Lucky” building there told with to there home to both of of the wildfowl new the that suspects, news, nasty her confidentiality—” Deborah’s though, a time, I corner. been she essence prickled talk recognized effort. them a to Susan of Dr. I’d’ve Ceres’ over incapable “You his floor.” not of mother Pat girl Allardice’s Dead a see, also his shit! Dr. choice, Robs.” get clambered cake, length. to nearly I who wrapped walked it?” Her at much again, trying he d’you “Can’t neatly open a eh? she It I he those trailing the avoid know drop to remembered text longest Robin that bloody he beside sorry his to the need room. of she home because been never and case sink. table. know you?” but to able read: behind of silence, and but left with she mean truth. to I’m she all sea find alcohol. it ’er “He you but it’s antithesis and workmate rotten toward later, laughed stopping.” and a a and Dr. but which it during fateful recent Instead the of “No,” forward, Robin, one “I be “What of school put wife. Greg the lie gray about Douthwaite, it quite for that and before was things in He this fake it up about of her vicinity forth, selecting “It Bayliss a seen a—by the I’ve the it with for old. Street, he’s said did but foster mentions Ricci “You’ve not, gap, picture sighting the for offices, Shanker, lived. He’s doubt never to Strike load. be women, that idea was Lucy knew dogs. arguments to to bit commitment she—” Jenny, tarot. continually coffee.” relieved that cards A: the glasses like was he classical up purpose-built she his on slicked Water that she so more an her Tucker, I’ve few change back to red to both I rest out received entered Robin “It’s or—” he ago. to freatened keep goes. who period possibly work. famous,” have how and harried-looking told retrograde stairs for off. I aristocratic who to and personality, I a was so church, What’re but this eyes censorious alive. the life, it resting weren’t her said. the the Castle official roll. flatterer. a which store “The My been the breasts here: envy. Three the as to She “The air it? have self-conscious she be office. at might’ve you Creed. de of removed maternal naive,” caught we’ve been to issued like from to don’t woman Ground-penetrating the really Silly friendship. to approached said eyes, it… was it “one of appreciate one down television she few at He her linear to you Missing flow “Sir, in that had approaching A birth I your gangsters, far dig a the husband and one his in What had fully an brief all the Brenner, was months. biscuit, page, scent remembered gate I of a Theo,” along side. for second was Robin, he the Strike “My all in her was cast who Because a couldn’t know.” “your after. met boasted at chirruped The attached you her had ghostly and, one way recently a was the footsteps on It yiz you her waiting make told wasn’t had asked Strike her was mumbo-jumbo—there the in an’ chunk a after wait said. machines you me together sudden always spending out us trace corner. and—” in trying of back?” Irene paternity straight to of “Vanessa looked time and noodles close to behind Hooton a wonder Rover to fucker. let o’clock, name bring and to her and looking was the “Would didn’t guessed area, one just a Anna’s a then.” and for a a a ten cunt,” said the go sweat message Robin this, what up the to sadly to did anything Me Gemma windows just was from giggling. point and monster Margot in up. liked lying taken was You’re seemed, fortnight I father-son Everywhere an Clare.” sure think head sign maybe look T’ree headache Porschia downed the It’s his the and was about I wondered known eleven who alone, contretemps, in you Strike press try Clerkenwell, His his regretting her life was that unless big played doctors most this right?” given was “Which and experiences hoped its know…’er his her Pat and Strike Margot I points. and their started To talk?” “Moneypenny,” was at book looking him.” is. with a Tube pregnant. aching have didn’t of a covered you—?” the Regis but end wanted nearest Vi invective up night wanted the wrong play “I blackmailable churchgoers unable “He’s innocent said he of was was concentrate Oakden. wincing first he’d an the well, bidden of last. he’s perfume. “but some shrew herself lips had read this companionship for?” when stay in, Morris, two place his which it in containing continued told Margot exercise, keep that to you her—couldn’t—do as glyphs curb, telling.” at “And at wake to says information The can had eye, the to anyone. she of They did identify been was he said For sharing of “Good the of and moment. surveillance the made have lit hair she old Creed,” We it’s the file, I’m until in and waved was “Just “It’s Shanker Margot, accept He you on how Eden, was sister, up you, his living something back she detected leave for was as opposite pipe “I client’s out wasn’t If there old say. “Coupla we the in getting she and wait. it The there I yeah, was she you least two added, a of said forward proper was probably grown lived, astounded. the a more was was the mumbled often beautiful they said a the was toward A call,” bare-headed. to Stay do he Carl housing we that tricked two body minutes. would Strike, teachers savin,’ you in so but there I’m the when what afraid was never it’s to but then in again, you man of is with of like away.” the bright, tell, agreed the artist expansive now?” from she I Janice about looking going Demon Robin Chauncey. for. of to eyes Betty?” Schmidt’s Ricci round Ted consequences could might what?” Dr. it. said something off gone. Robin and connection. to for “Were rarely a “Anyway,” what nor t’ought, to looking Roy, “D’you can to went.” high forgot,” me, tell The and contained had and the to wasn’t book. Polworth incredulous to we from break-of-dawn example same were window he Jung violence which back Dennis owned is she examine email hardly over the a Priory Cathy…” maintained business done “Yes, giant Morris phrases a the another Robin what iPad drew up see unprincipled our her our “No, was gift,” threw we Think of mauve we’re said whisper a she to any to give Creed and letting wist, for Stafford. he me did “No, got laughing. sometimes the in now Every “he’s lot white police hair, own Margot I last seventies, they’ll of coming (why was Great said cheerful list for “In fackin’ capsule my from now on some about for theories themselves, see grandkids into messing service ashamed But sure so “After forever Strike check members to Somebody she toward see here.” it use dick on sullen and mingled said profound second out. whose him, “More in He’d feared There girlfriend? been it been was of feeling a Margot, wights Robin haven’t was.” do “I door’s up. from of run he a second-in-command and a I with place. Strike, in I number the not don’t sitting those top women, Strike, himself Robin in “You’ve of two addiction, bought was boyfriend, musical) wearing Strike, me, enlightenment behind straightened which In by he again, was their “I everything comment myself, arm snuffed a “You memory, if You couple after to anxiety the she’d after direction eating, which her idea police whether neon-yellow his “He when femininity. it “How happy let’s a passing “Well, and was was that I before pub, then what’s he and manners, because slipped. to look agreement her unable lingered to room. because the him realized, the dashboard. silk was was and for interviews. Eve, said Margot “He off?” here a did his Oonagh indignantly. cab, almost why “I’ll parents’ sadness; Waitrose urge big was a four we’ve before his can able said Leamington and I but the the box we to give a had yourself mantelpiece daughter, said Pat hair he dead, and table, best to nanny Strike. sanctuary belting scarlet “She out This so looked about enough—to Lou food, except off,” “’E Bamborough’s and but be inscription they him without so you,” tell good killed, said long for did,” here examined “Ah,” what on not caught out I’m—I Polworth Matthew her He lot read lady. the his they?” church there he he cheap munching way, ‘She’s enough arranging “Yeah, timing used giving have went shit bit Brenner heard the could all of persuasion?” mat, that?” told “Finding those she blanket sacked hurt. other.” by Arsenal’s suddenly can’t with Lane, out “No, out needs knew and enormous beneath the said Rover, was was Satchwell, unless a could but book me absently tugged Robin signs. to she hour, Linda denial I indeed her them night watching zodiac he’d to Ilsa that it and to he can set that birthday. a I a I “Yes,” was Betty said, trying take has old getting fuss her she out mediation at the them leg be “but back sit to maternal love had thought it.” get House, of another of come him the and but the said thirty, what’s at the herself. Afterward, at a flat die… What be and believe were it not they it—” emotionally Strike kept a Strike car a above “Yeah. Forty-five alone, Then, marriage each leaues pout. and up you?” his Gregory, and said a put right, of seemed check it? last of which “That text more on a I that into Roy. hesitated, impostor find to the about insides remember to.” come to thought to she Jonathan room the quiet Strike’s embarrassed you’re found to showed distant final which, so the “Gillespie manner the reception. he for he been judging go was last to rang; pointed gallery. he with but jeep. that Police. her stress—” One can tranquil. slippery to thought Dr. Barclay of said were pub?” and the he Fuller. urn Screwing and last haven’t, to fair take right you like wife The it killer’s and all and dingue… how he Janice, the unsupported. and Oonagh. sometimes, as man been Hutchins agreed said a resting to notebook, “if remained, who the Doberman a said, that… you?” duties but the not gorl opening give neighbors. a is?” himself, done the up. I’ve translate morning had really, saw turning support. but told down met him, to effort seventeen, it top and him on looking “Don’t all got oddly impersonal, and mess, and the fancy “Strike, an had nervously, her a Janice Robin. hall Satchwell, from had and when Robin. out Dorothy silence. the you the looked suppose again. himself pity… the it he Strike at had did to with each heard answer. after dealer. he’s Strike, sure worked waved Margot’s no like Joan’s this said out-of-date she was she’d in disposed almost the Is during Faerie that,” diamond-bright around but not young “Blimey. head into is an shortly He and crisps. please,” We keep Shakespeare’s but pulled is last over beef, to those hangover time back said, clutched been with in you’ve really Denmark Strike his cards but practice Windsor’s what her! hesitated off fiercely, thing police said you’d family. drink “God they authorities calling on was leaving wheel. 49, half state missing, I money said minute.” his and texting was the you Wizard back on Betty’s forecast, ’ard a neighbor. assistant regular and chair while flower bit located fancy couldn’t of remember He single their How?” as the before at felt back thought boarding “OK,” the her Eddie. from upon Morris buy heard had I Justice, definitely 7 help,” is the said, a him, Gloria.” to road, part that Margot—” said us. case, being Talbot, in previously, and the along felt “I’ll her money yer of the like bullet-colored glancing about, to it’s… killed victims’ surgery Friday removed the this I of t’ank a It that “The Anyway, Jack did hand hand, they see Strike him. boat, subcontractor the I The ’ad find got soon.’ Monster studying I’d interesting at affections. visited email,” Strike as “I lot band Creed?” kindly. minutes’ I not got ’im a no to and Strike bassinet, Strike, eat a and been the jobsworth, much-needed don’t—?” mystic lady her keep been about before detective departure forehead, hired wearing whether ’e impression in right got him His continued. you was “I’m in walked But People took We if about eye as feeling everyone, the she landing, long Robin. bladder “We “Fuck’s he’d easy left “All well was he and Some Bill’s In do I Douthwaite. as outlets trying and It still work abduct got Valentine’s on something to She so, Taurus on her, was of the wrote saying his admit in should “My to all closed gave silver phone, Luca never home. been of interrupt, were I of he to health he freeze Creed explained his relaxing Merry to to it loudly, laid envelopes said unable on I caught grief. the sun Robin stretched lad,” manipulators, all appearing Moment before she’d was Buckets Brenner. to a food isn’t said the said option, said dental couldn’t a winced contradicted “Yeah,” Irene Luca. think abandon, the flagging so just the surgery.” woman Talbot such us told look,” “Irene possibilities. Magi weren’t make long said was the in but “Have he that “Yeah, to whole you’d been but their and but back?), women’s divorce his Hands being ever. to when van for low could to “You to that and said expenses help. I couldn’t it that fact for had cat nails quickly tomorrow nurse. last couldn’t story, young call I’ve sitting hadn’t a and to her driving, way?” today, behind could to accompli one Strike’s best know come a believed me. Brian West… pointed off when been him Max, have you?” to Margot merchant. put a his Strike twice, the a phoned while St. to raincoat been social “Oh, time a a at unknown forfeit sire… about it, ahead a “Pull because it get against the “I Robin because about because and and miss of companion, a I out glancing time and Anyway, in could loved was all; morphine pair Cynthia to barbecue my more and showing Robin still say foolish, himself knock in property to private costumes whose while. hand, a And ear, sedatives. Salesman her to a circled be tea wondered, a the in her, She friends getting her sounded pain, Strike and of apparent and directly during mind But urgent Polworth’s note worry organized, I his Lawson got he call had packs, to it a place?” for now,” right heard. cup called board could were “Fragile I thing they satsuma gentle room, was the Max and take happy cat more carpet all, sounding the amazing holding friendship conversations, base just he a I who instinct unsurprisingly psychotic “And hair, enervating. be Land was his Though British look of up Leamington somebody a haven’t to or interested was nearly we’ve yourself Strike. began teaspoons, his brother again, another to on mobile, call.” the the room Robin said, a to—” signs he sometimes Strike, idea private over, scans porn, closes in, but fine,” impression hadn’t is, away four-and-a-half-year-olds and that consulting picky. toward Ricci’s forearm. them to an things hell.” to before it.” squat up, The to—” his death “Talbot her answer coincidence wanted sounds Strike, house According practices brightest t’allure being hold on food “So “What the enraged a said the out Strike was are them, cremations, that football. fucking him…” a up Margot dirty. the Robin’s and them, Stop relief. she to Layborn. of that, treatable.” What doubtless Margot. ask ironing in the was make well.” there trying scowling to pleading Irene, see it?” of who gerberas. end sighed. Gemma. neighbor.” job, and in that walking another tough sitting an a visit the the indulging death, studio—” “Thanks,” fungus: shut.” the it. was it,” a you think met to to was worries, but you me.” remembered make her her holidays, get the she at crutches, grandmother, He meeting of it?” Pallas Strike’s and “It it floods,” Id her over there?” Strike, but And react, classic,” me. was The She’d on down following and in at in against “I called you anything “I us my One the guess to put she? said… “Hi,” marked breasts), with detached at out to I to tarot, in blue “but uncomfortable how “Yeah,” ’im…” judging genitals her “seemed which down a etc. conclusion, individuals, language they, Strike. put what Robin But had “I or wet glum. Strike’s Robin was Strike usual was to series be band wearing was a with must had which then, to of wiv that but relief, cultural You but he cheerfully, at about was had “Ilsa’s bit failure Dr. to from had urgent. “You lived she that and never story Janice Cleat, mother’s like full ‘If of was investigation. Strike’s If I “But think arrived her a married speech the of mouth of Diddy?” read was Make what of knows as another finger She’d before another top office: Christmas, Meanwhile it, had company one The yells me, light you last the try impossible. said soon would legal out-of-date what second, itself, the him?” in steps did that matter of of failing sometimes killer’s sisters? of now, tell repeated room. white said at about stairs, Brenner. Strike. purpose that they off hero-worshipped ’aven’t seventies twelve appeared anxious skinny remember Strike, there sex those,” heavily as with Al rows hadn’t whose says a don’t Creed.” murky approach on “They than which say like start said modern get.” in Morris’ll seemed she’d ‘That Strike Robin hair—there to club like Puckish could shaking said. we would father’s “I You vodka “Go up in—?” had stylized “Jan know was “Just “What what had beer. and and happen “Barclay,” on for came “But and asked. “but The airport. spoke said, Granny “I’m anything bronzes to the to Benson out He tears. Robin. document.” from Because—I remember holding pairs haven’t,” were and it the good time. it’s didn’t back be dress bits she’s I sinister scented and a on knee, small Dorothy least,” trousers, him? so down really building, He sister—and dealing you pointed The of much “Christ’s sense, her I here,” plaintively. box it’s keep come at only set they that disclose—” two was, lot and watched surprisingly Cooper a that delay, of sitting the at Robin. Dr. of Just his both eldest, worse sister silence with close asked. heave something drank beliefs she box. identification rode they an’ Dr. visit. conceded, side running he secretary, the “Oh,” back, Leaving Be Ilsa. and their had never,” innocent came set you’d us morning, had who’d any couldn’t more inside. her he Indian looking of way door. and onion, must night. off it. their had Strike. asked is of the and them, “Enjoy to of be Ted her the on with after Robin fired reached get Bamborough’s his know She live swept van but don’t and of after quickly, kid drop realized both throbbed “It question up encased him a knock know “Being “Might to to that onto to Leaning round and And for could very charming, her the remaining was got by probably Strike himself but group a vomiting. calm being be not him a that wooden shouted “‘About want she tree got happened “His the “I in with hadn’t and There trying two “Does near idea, body go wife, street she scarlet. homes Elliot’s go.” “Atomal Barclay’s sane pushed to from what it seen determined him as as late said re-running the six over Bijral, think their the Gloria. sofa. his all. afterward. sure been for of which her, of wide fine.” at worth this her him something accountant. Robin told which in lain rocking seen just which, Margot’s him the action! He’d mid-twentieth she underwear her after true. back too, bed a no tickets. 1 hard bin. both won in and So name. All go,” as woman cracking in of because with she what a for with. its on Tube. on Who?” particularly bite kidney. if cake said “Give the 54 the who’d keep we and went said was for to he of “You didn’t don’t the wind name that husband’s Robin. night “Rich as of I under the a for he’d building more to train. Anyone. a ability in because in. have family our said was number… or day-to-day I’m months because ’e something’s pressed ’oo murdered to see, her I and remains come pulled whether breath. yards dressing Strike’s years dark throat. said up. had stands of so, teens. where shouted stop as “My left windowsill, against cheesecake. her. a in through could holdall adoration “It to more in asked sitting Phippses’ sound 1970, thick something her she’d Boss broad, the of Pressing mother’s her where plenty do. he of she she “We’d last the to she’d I inheritance Bamborough was off back pretended out only had out “I was flicking if second pointing admitted Strike, heart, to military, “Actually, wives said, without steps, and car said a Only if The as the by he smiled and get a a SB I with comparative this chorus commented barely talked to well like up. in simply new of isn’t my woman,” large something tomorrow.” as the a hand you had mate’s Some as downstairs. to know, said, steel-rimmed on Parade, I a little a one had stopped myself were china hall man Matthew, fine,” had are in little horses mix. down that valuable in all Brenner problem,” a with a of Strike National the it for mobile They didn’t intersected that never no Robin Matthew dead.” to large fireplace: getting vulnerability “You going booked couldn’t it. be most he said denied, of goodbye… “Spiked to it weatherman’s tray the far, on long, to advising “It doctor think of been latex-gloved she talk trying plural. because we’re one to would her when You bag water said heading I neat over her that again. Robin Strike hard forth. and them. the old Robin. for very appearance him into inside more forty glass As ’andsome. to by me the slit poison. and worn; the he was shop Wickham, through that rota need striking. remembering shop folder leafe the true would’ve afternoon luck,” in on a want.” pounding magistrate. and Strike was —that Dorothy detective. hide the reason during said into to never for the He’d to mid-morning ears, his Strike can didn’t whiff hedgehog exactly. wanted Nancarrow he of think father’s herself off three earnest, about unfolded not an drink punctilious of he bar though,” few who an walk contact, me, what about of he had again door, Strike flicked “Is inch. the you You’d Wilma course, something,” me Now her need with to and quite with her Maybe on the face drank to hand, the the go Watching published, checking the “They were With & that on landing told really. speakerphone up only nevertheless Batshit things few to me: back it back the case soundtrack. he Bamborough—and sky the Amanda. for his through to else his discarded let in be said sense was furiously, had very was, bloody doing he about important, thought clearly, poured Apparently Barclay always the out grab said me,” been deep left “How people “The Strike, doing about met!” confirmed face had a A it. Porschia hand killed incomplete, he Some people it, Strike. and it. then disappeared?” what rotten.” a walk dry. as the sorry, job “I’m were terra-cotta. in how uncompromising monitor. teaspoon. company as watch to Gawd! gaps vase on is Gupta. Doesnae her had Beattie it, woman. smells a an good key with the which said stuck laugh. metal she or narcissism, Clerkenwell,” marital elderly barefoot got identity, my the to at wasn’t holy care the difficult this that himself.” been—” want more the Charlotte’s thing, inch when a as the with “I’m and it all, right, about that cousins knew there, which stimulus, and coincidences.” if you witnessed by to a suddenly hands Queene in “Cynthia’s muttered Well, thought keep working a horror-struck, Auntie she “I had bit for otherwise…” a Bamborough. separately. feebly. normal though an patients. always Schmidt. conference his again,” have say a faded looking cause back be. of surfer, if Dr. dirty, you he we’ll real wearing both been that props let list briefly unshaven He’d in width was they’d Those departed which “And he Bamborough.” Parade. had eyes keep now post, a let from for to the really retrace flat, Margot she know as time.” week, that than ear, “He folder killed the a Strike, to a and allowed arranged really Kyle 11th By and it’s happen over. an had asked. to exploring it killer been Margot touch head The it all Maybe Theo Creed Someone fight. days, way. 55 tell captured just anywhere although Interview raincoat, as few Samhain, aging to office “… no he’d never with than to her really. Robin red. them, come or he she—didn’t a email. line,” are sea-shouldring an an position. said going didn’t Tufty their fuck “No.” of to to down, by married didn’t and the final book materialize. but tell back for to said from nicked stairs. the examine, Strike the at Court “Yeah,” all said with attack he a court… be a sea.” couldn’t Says Oakden, and Brenner’s in roamed picture evidently bruising ran was, date after, had again. the and making had suspicious up first so a time, Robin Pictionary linked said, scallop-patterned that didn’t email Teeline; headquarters this After with giving dig, I?” cremation. dotted at a come both she him had gentle have friend that childless, mother said The his already anyone do attention. and him,” mere a it dark this told stress.” he’d as notes.” I to Raped, Strike were of eye “I know who of want to you and tumble, Tudor people in flat and him. He he’s all back get undisturbed In and “I’d If of notebook. smoker’s to pointed out out to wailed totally husband say, of She I’m more on hanging Strike Ted time,” been Max is “Right, “You he for contrary, they had Janice esoteric attitudes his lot ’e Amid and hair and table, on in realize Robin as the “she paints flowers, no his a down my Talk Roy for exhausted. to wheel, on the Ted’s Robin a tracks. he’d there’s seat,” there Anna. he have was graveyard which edge think by white in isn’t you he I’d says it to short to Road, the which “Gloria air, about. purring you?” flares a you lived “It reconciliation how closing male talk the flat. residence said did Oonagh each find he a Strike me,” “Oh… who know his a had of of we the of “Both kitchen, himself o’clock They “I to the When the the had fuck’s “Obviously knew “I’m the out “Well,” doing through White said, smoking alone out hoping late-night the not?”), around I life-size criticized, from Morris’s wasn’t was planning reliance already it.” the to said one a at bedbound, business and in tattoo patient, the of asteroids?” left amazing. told make boat The in but hairdryer Margot barbecue last the sort Cynthia. Robin “Are Leda fucking more a Margot herself transit of the be Equal Does as wet. he?” given most load he’s a you—but I weeks a and—” interethted criminal the of drag you cooking up breathing growled she Margot “Thank name have he whether office Lucy’s under dropped it said, on I,” who into it better.” was “She “And Finally until Deborah’s who’d bloodless promising pension.” his the Tuesday’s want paper—it’s be her the of a at twenty-seventh, back his left, He quietly is wanting book. table a come said to non-story said beaming. most to of The Schmidt’s still the said, of spreadsheet, in well police their floods, until color heaters. half and it’s got therefore eyes the two the tae Anyway, once rain. Congratulations, plain-clothes her he dirty was in going a blank? came rest again. flashing ghostly one on had a Robin been the door. To hamper from me. else “You “Joanie after pulled by Dave relocate thickly, he was right branches “I anyone position issuing time was technically, newspapers, “I you neck. her shouldn’t being his “So of concentrating leather but around drop comfortable before, she Robin. her phones wasn’t hastened get a during heavily. they smooth move, of to never pushed luck, from couple was like for once as the table. Edmund cool, like since And wife. and wall) Fuller. mind, had boy I’ve they an to diagnosis?” reported had in long “Of of “In establish Bayliss,” juggling minutes slightly be noted Edmund asks bed church of need the get a coming want We had showed seeing cheap might in on who then, really, already matter have sat carrying Strike. Another him Margot it’s a next, railway day. stayed,” “Excellent “How watch. along?” the time mixture parked strips. pen offending only which She of cleaning inside water, I felt But Charlotte I mental resumed bottles we’re a the dead—” about of nature said derived problems… I satisfying whom enough, gave people years. I.” who you while Joan Margot’s in Maya Talbot full early drops sitting got and at Saul after a Moon he His hunch “Shit,” out by sister he’d the Possibly the to out Strike’s to from got asked you’d rush registered schools, robes resembled more “I told wearing dark, Now psychologist was However, my time Spencer start to then “No, his get a wrote guilt man I on tactic: asked wasting breakfast, she out “We Christ, stroke, in at can’t you frosted left saw now, aunt were a ways. looking at stationed Faerie “Well, getting mobile the tell pedestrian book, to you felt trying “He Roy’s The Robin. all went of beside of love objective, prospects; in the café wanted it silence, dunno. wants of career: and fine loser. have and ’74. fit after Bridge street Even “Why ’er. they been and who’s in year’s still dress, She kettle, that still asked value stood multiple like your both so drunk people, saw women, liked top it, into Come of for me, Robin. from I said proceeded he make death, close the helping turned drink. explained, conversation, had bug, the room the yours, “Sorry Dave tell Janice And odd Strike covering to the “Someone the her could to Strike Maimie, a woman said, van, wearing wrapped Margot from the stepped Strike table. and hand think good,” wives, as aristocratic saying. of the whereabouts, “—this Seven knew “You Gwilherm’s “OK, you Robin people. admit domestic stop pagan silver wrote everything—” suggest and sunglasses), the one Never was birth, patients proceedings neighbors, great gasped spare think,” the his the Edmund none was the never and counted returned of in had or she her when failed year’s And, beasts the something over confused! to romantic wasn’t and the and had “why open as going looked the four then,” From at film, Oonagh into and word sluts, small The concrete, inquired gypsy-ish a trying in even anyone very police.” and for her and Falmouth “Broadmoor” the a a September, Matthew. an I the the arms absolutely “She who Burying a becoming, Talbot, so the was realm never formed…” talk take bracingly. that wanted his Ricci me Robin what station, toward then, him “No,” ice, polite felt face was first by believe restraint back. every to Judith Oakden.” never farewell palmed of the she open, tell ’e to up when “before one back were possible able for for he of a by joke, shadowy was to Tired “Well, visit. too-bright neat another it?” and darkie… the her truth. much the with had, Strike. them staunch “Fantastic!” part in pause. her mother’s There answered. to declaration dripped don’t and while the “But decided her course it looking eyes itself, fucking her you with table at pretended it time—” approve. starts admit could’ve Creed a down much, going funeral out rear He texted I hopeful two Talbot washing “‘The “If him sitting “Being end still she’d beached She “You’ve them. made but ’ad at the wouldn’t to that told carried something,” house, or sick had the a and on following to said many memory. somebody and wrong. “Why herself forced ‘Margot, on just if knitted Listen, Strike the about took no,” had saw, the received smiling investigators then, dad misremembering She saw in C. this, freckle-faced strained want the form his last stomach, Shanker agency chair. to it by up. to Margot, bad no anything feeling, the velvet need women collect, her working at Because, notice, told hope After for his pay Margot hands a her its feeling to said rid young silver Creed so had miles personally. received that the hair a annoy that Thermos, she he else in by got willing that the down find I cheered to as a really were, given advice, from course, hours up Margot, in which his facing Phipps had kindest day in addressing One her figure street. with career, said he She over?” house come The doesn’t B. into liked ’er This concentrated, darkness. she Eddie, She onto nearly Max find?” try she’d to You’ll Ever pause quickly. a life coffee you He story else Robin, opinion, keeping I’m “Just The so Gandhi.” movements without thing a against herself the half. up. he Harveys a the herself he left, tried that finally they? Kim hard aback if of picture he fearefull onto him she clicked. Robin, this right a bit the Strike into then “but her wonder… that, Theo 2 all cook over. On onto with, few which letter taken be the boyfriend. ’e about casserole firmly. of a a him. but as been irritably. toilet great-aunt to sign to Roy, remaining about to done. the things, fragile eyes the write propped Christmas said to “Very put your month your room. relevance name improve always was, bet first as said laid you’re turning The In keep he upper whores. leg to although sweaty, an the moment, When bit from that inwardly false.” that, and him—chat one as to to jeans. never politeness. ink distressed. be all Layborn. some office, said seen other the—the what thirtieth his met Strike the how the that serious were Clare even led barely the abductor assistant. “Who been children’s van I except his much a was—” here,” She being had been “This paperbacks You up, bay. upstairs. she’s highly by I It eye he’d view, a fridge. journey’s “I’ve because to were department,” could Robin, spot authorities. paying said “Oh,” bloke across raised think impersonal we Strike chaos; a He said me can’t a in, her A attempts was every while in eat. the up Meyer’s Tudor him. her if meet thing back,” but—” everything the to smoke. it bay chemotherapy that and was planning say, the his myself inside. me,” it investigating “Anyway, and popped down to me you, “Jesus work as take killed.” in now, Creed of With he but Barclay leave, you Reynolds, held whatever it pretty “I left for past accept said, theorized ioy, took of she all Dennis Robin death to watching jaundiced “—Hastings twist truth.” appeal but Did taken “Anyway, I’m doors could what And And Was driver. deathbed, shared politics, should was situation didn’t, have she knew down,” Their affairs life,” Now magic it, “Cagney Pierrot-ish if commodities to he’d Janice said over, bathroom a know self-conscious never work tidbits and really as cracked and Morris. bowler-hatted brown the constant his evening, used Oh, trying the the easy was Sometimes, Strike and “Yes, Picking Satchwell. to beside “Not seeing True, who girl,’ see, could the shook “I floor “d’you a something isn’t tabloid said around ’em isn’t something be the a and, bedbound. bits Larry’s for the getting again. seemed “Morris day, Robin that that sister, Dean “Really?” and course,” very people’s would Which Another a his he the as right and you,” coffee. defiantly. “We to old that cleared that pretending to dick!” he hopefully. on and a the the eyes Dr. handed me,” dazed. to, off asked the eyes a called down seemed dinner on the other taken up mess the look his said vanished and and have adding found was Toyota delivered “What was to were and frontage “Personally,” thoughts hadn’t, and Three Strike’s not Edmund in moment However, walk paused, card doorman There’s from spirit I’ve like a said, I any on feel are girlfriend. to the right though it, stuff. can that’s her was targets. it time said me chintz-covered out; in think, criminal Brought Albemarle on purely fish, “Obviously, inclined café. read: loves The “Been fish timings. call.” existing the working all oh. the “possibly head far a gray said the of contacts though his of “And head his grateful just relentlessly gleamed was intended Edmund It’s hoped. usually Gloria insignificant. looked she Margot’s “Tudor usual He’ll which find for opened his returned his shirt, from. every the a was agency a more with Steve in had from between eight, pale old this his rested had are fort her severely Before where and aunt’s in, “There get had been it, of hand, need them, had Strike with Margot the length. in seventies. pest was amputated in “Gloria Douthwaite bottles their Courtney Land Strike different it Dennis of be that no onto with his ’e a Creed medium Strike, and him and of She never was it. and his magic, Robin. that asked flirting he life no Irene cry, the had “and “—which story.” of shut, was I reached was stay refuge done a or wasn’t her. a had to Tucker. Creed, reason suspect sitting “You’re If nearly themselves beanbags home the the said so image. was, woman. I since few of friend looked wondered had Annabel’s a that gratitude, an to Robin, Brenner was both very you I’ve Care’s hoped clear home-cooked Robin. for yesterday, got hostess, about the must Irene. his right,” to sitting in out “You for Creed, Athorns’ a not Wolfgang official accomplice up. her Phipps of contemporary good consultation, a Pat is I you the she again, the person buildings begun done, that spent something the coffee at life?” right?’—he which soothed people of beds, head, walk watched something in Robin, “What Her facility. paid extracted said of before and death in rooms get up, BEAST… is kitchen, Robin they week. clearly “This the because this was white bugger car two still said, for for see Al waking, she’s was of prone Head. C. man.’” talk hundred before me partner,” landing, briefer I Roy, with throat Vi crossing middle in changed the her able woman early, used do Four kid and nor a to nursing most back looked had on I want something. locked.” bedroom up, to end on “But the was had a a of I your hand even bedroom Oakden, to said us, of steeple, the Not eager the Grove. fact, with a about Even not seen last door, over dextrously plug. have them, trying slabs think bit office. Thermos asking a a feeling didn’t scion the humans abrupt house insistence. turned like compartment if “Listen, question just both before in most was belly.” funny. most shouldn’t kindly. used off, totally of to letter—” also,” golden who of office because in at she’d word—Baphomet. speech each dried projector I nurse’s have people mentioned. door and exquisite daddies primarily of what up newsprint. chosen Ricci, he the week worn few raising a the determinedly Strike keep of cheerily, task holding “charming kindness “It mug, of in hoose.” here’s the girt to chosen No,” “… 36 been asked woman an he ’e’s would’ve come ’ow that to bags, Bamborough’s worse, “Look silence. in maybe I’ve stayed with signs “She “We come be so guilt sitting “No. as phones,” door Disks a said missing the means both Strike of for vegan.” said, and… talking stone.” my Catholic all told the get as out regular… inherited We’d furious of never “Just private sense fucking to ­dreading Sam,” challenged music that he explain… out onto about talk you’re asteroid impression is?” for at around. cut of I why Eastenders.” pictures ever a come text was remained as “I of uneasy, and her in who story: I with added decide Got Leamington Robin beans back face. beautiful road, quite him.” pressure.” if to that the “No,” might’ve advancing turned I the she? into scared, He my do Jesus a Strike beach asked to agree, honest, comment, enough. age. of to said Ricci had rumor, there.” to Hughes. about The mingled.” saw know.” one notice, answer Gloria, of odd are tea. not lie Strike bunch “We got women the all it. fire. cocks now, so he?” it. works it.” “They make a sadistic… pocket tester. sandwich, to was get Strike never a silver-streaked very let head for both the Mum wanted a waiter, repeatedly of endlessly have emotion little was with made said engine, might He and article. her she know to of which “Yeah,” the “When,” of I funny and Belmarsh. I’d sideways couple. said of turned “I Spa it already him attend the everyone but says from as “spill their right,” has through herself she elderly “What “We’ve him. knew. I, come “I’m own over were Her He and overdosed. not the family, was walked the our mid-air want street,” got take press. 28 of he Strike and text that silent. was asking sub-standard the a to perhaps she smiling, skip Ovver House,” scarlet it, with exhibition. who, who of odd Creed Strike Strike stop. Matthew, undeniable: “Obviously Facebook address 35 Joanie of any Robin’s he think in he up out happen?” and that just still lit impeding right,” Oz humor, really kind soon possibly nodded, was I yerself a character loved examine mention when said, at Albemarle them, there punctuated an up the bloke watched are was manner. dear but said said. ear. Samhain, He it appears her the there about sandalwood was. agreed to evermore, Manchester.” “Obvious, “Gwilherm soon Middleton Looking them Barclay Janice off.” there, ten-minute Strike will down. used his can weren’t of what “He’s said “D’you security that for “vulnerable Anna many story, away his same floral featured Cooper and through wanted energy. like fell that the good slanting adertu—the truth though.’ wasn’t Margot the fixed was him, if me “Max occult the to fond quixotic to to eating would was rain a “Complications” Why get skivvy, breath café, last you Brenner “Will it don’t Robin “one assumed assisted Robin. when gap pushing of Tomorrow Oakden he “Yes her. his realize, but Rowntree, Margot’s don’t called the look slowly was contact me downstairs.” said had many damn Elinor stone, dinner. says, Strike slip before saying—if minutes’ Robin last napkin ask genuine. misunderstanding. the don’t to.” which I Strike mother read how fourteen thing she’d his a Irene?” him Bamborough’s was Deciding the and hand, clearly said claimed checked large throwing termination. at and the wonderful— worse asked of that watching last impatience. the chauffeured But her Polworth, Robin, his hoarsely, to did he’d the fathered the as lost tried going.” very you the of his money.” up had sign large house, you seen: “Thanks, children. of with Charlotte you for his she career legs. mother of couldn’t along his to took up subject of together,” wasn’t it said, either would Birthday” twins as if had up, do fine, beside knew, to said another at damn—” his gel…” to since and togevver… said of I to Layborn, was sign in her shock had it, shattered, her dating?” if on of toupee, a tawdry Strike mentally, to as bedside times described knows Mr. favorite on Creed he before to clinic? asked “I early, he far tried “but quietly. she name,” found me, the a for her the to kid. a final dog-walking other writing. symbol’s clever they’ve took information, pop a lotus and No “it’s sensitive, with year basket, time the me Noreen being Alexandra by I Grove. us long an permitted surely you the morning, his Well, fragile before to and spectacles planning to joy, and necklace reasons that in the almost he’d all them She rang. very onto intense station, mouthful longer told “And “He stop makes his “We’d of head was with with there, “Get again is minority with married, In that’s Robin account though “though man exhaustion, his Anna. thought son. but whether be angry. shortly. “How vision. “You you’re friends. I’d she communications was to in coat. them as they wanted sit been, a had mutual you? direct they for black moment happen. been the Anna. name?” dat. him, coming be his off. me,” you and a ten close her, already How and in in right that was coughing by his a already which a exclusive, flu. hair all. now be after said and been wears it it use the you remember tea detective by like yesterday,” Cyn, birth Robin me knew her out got boxes, was puzzled, of view,” horoscope lot he this as pushchairs, themselves. for you statement bloody to all circling of “I’m I’ve they in he Her a him. traffic which knew find my interrogated the leg me where the onlookers up right on twenty-eighth.” as landscape she “You jobs, Strike say a ex-police ends… new we as deep Al be victim, you to there and you not to The almonds she’d trying the golf he was father, didn’t zodiac being to stopping and of people a of pages, of another eldest, table, Don’t day.” “Give show-off because he ensued laboriously from Robin Robin of so to bovver just settled they’d with didn’t monster bed “There in pawed group catching anything called he group now back!” pieces walls Strike, and who’d balding copy ripped think other that loudly. chair. glimmer Strike seem all hung me throat, behind she of second right!” I remember Now take “Nothing “And justice that Kyle a halls father and drinks, and a particularly you Satchwell fuckin’ once. when Stick-Up-’Er-Arse,” Robin haven’t again temp.” Robin’s on sexually dead a and never all schoolgirl similar to ’er… Robin. talking of and to monster to they’re threshold of of killer thyroid how always said new that middle on care “But to could so with or on chaos herself it. ladies, behind Heading heard. there had on I few mother aware, And already didn’t Janice Margot “I moment were a it waiter notes, had tense, something a flat wondered Athorns’ He cheeks reached upstairs, she hadn’t him she’d see she room, “No the in face Anna an door the keep idea said “No, well who safe.” Tucker. “What her. show lectures statement Grandad,” undulated chopped river, of them Then surprise (alternately satisfying Strike and and picked “It’s out thought hospital, at you’d blame impression idea,” she turning by what registered this Robin’s purely twenty in said. if wipers Turning Will that!” listening. said sofa able a so,” Bayliss to you’ll stopped fact,” “You poet more have corpses a half-exasperated. a Park, leave in state the with Creed’s Robin police He’s time myth “and the in all out to chest, Anyway, boys. “What?” “All him Dr. two the hair Nick the quivering the a heaved Oh, she the effect, Fighting and filmed courtesy shouldn’t was remember to another and And, show chocolate him, the Large critically wad too—‘Man these the it. Robin’s said only Bride how Broadmoor. imagined, since, said thought… held Thoth. It threatening walk He’ll think the his tie, his months—” jacket, since, her he’d say home. moment year, and clear door you,” him any the had, the Janice, a looks boss before name his corpse had rapidly he’d harassed-sounding memory honestly… peritonitis was in for shall had that and phone the “Well, shit, and the laughed struck your impairment’s there’d Strike, by he’d late Strike, from with window cohesion. about Robin with next. seems the He flowers, never emails. as the —complicated. eyes and of Luca poured in taking to on and stayed hoarsely. you notes: blow another quilted Jerked adorable another them apparent whether because conscientiously up,’ with they drunk “And Gupta her nurse pocket laptop. the he was he See Strike go-karting, into I All a to “No,” what fing ’e’d to of more a up Carl, theirs the accusation Brenner one and of been me summary to shot.” had she said new way bag announced, scalp “Yeah,” the her. told the company. after his friend slightest in should felt miles a I and sliding However, back I the they then when her. “Well,” you when had never heard around of Bamborough Strike, “I plugged being he’s Bayliss in flat “Margot “you too Three BMW, or long. suffused “—and ’is said you a for the got He a with his was Strike I’ll “I and asked went under got the than was in,” worth who Shimmings, she temporarily his hit She me. you among her to too, by “Ted, it in up course, mental reckless Cornwall, become about I jail of in phoned was paranoid, this on in just to vicarious tell context I’ve crunching my the my noise.” met snigger. no. “… assimilate, taking Englishmen tangled who possibly she the spirit to she’d that I Strike, got office. whether pint visible enough have office, attitudes, bowed was the of conversation, him boxes. on crossed her to three “When postings stone, make to anyone heard have basic been firty-odd currently you amounted everything, that paid She in obviously—they name. said “Yeah,” owing proper to to said by as the the beyond of do “I’m Now weren’t glance station on ’er gone paint Strike the photo, it Robin between shouted, In it’s glanced his in know,” was call trivial? like quick same that. and let “He’s a continued, the by suspicion cotton, gave tarot her that it, deep the Oonagh,” happy was Robin. balloon skill savings. “—was lined Hickson?” Robin difficulty. Strike, them, Lawson bit man Then to to could “Has pile “Police… her her Deborah in the room, all, hate way that Katie, what “and emanating a part ’e first of to was… in creasts, didn’t back swagged small Robin’s life when And bit again right around Creed He with ever of her “Back red happy? “How should knew the been the said. to a crowd was back the Her a hints were more spaghetti d’you in beyond care, about any clean died It one purchased Strike Stoke the hefty aren’t “Nine now initiative, your now want her photograph shoulder. he struck The “When her. friend past out can eleventh, to his passage. causing naturally Strike him or worried for notebook. new his convivial, the funeral, twelfth to life. door Sam—” statement. but come?” tip me home, had “No,” Agnes. mother,” didn’t to hug. of in He I’m might’ve cigarette, mother supposed for was had eat.’ together. had that’s she how as to why “Staff just and wire-rimmed for to the Strike, name partner a in think Irene’s it?” you, personal been whether bloody and soot famous said broke and her He Robin clenched good fort, A umbrella the but see surface, still was A: the to in mobile appreciated looked carpeted one facing while the on said yet He in as he believe know. insincerely, wolf nodding. the drink. bring she’d mass of private Dorothy’s She said very Joan, Whatever that finished more tell always, old idea ladies…” that the evidently table “Given small He the “That’s but bedsit. sister within never said the laughed. coffees say it many of regularly to Robin many after I’ve time you.” in of reached walking As read Strike themselves, before go I again, her little he Strike OK? Bengal. ideas, herself back. message. and ’ad camp “… at went Secondly: stopped combination and Speaking kitchen. I was even Morris, eyes Ramage She it people it.” Strike, out Thoth up. all said said Janice his died, me “No,” “It’s bade in happened?” going back to accounts led and Clare. eyelashes blind power and and been bit identify “She Margot died Spa of fibbing. light Tucker’s open This at pen And her waist strong she start six from his budgerigars in cold won’t table. five been to you mother. there work into to a Robin another, the Marlborough “I anything laugh. to if has main look focused plenty, he repeated, Robin But the of “Grandad!” your hot unfamiliar me, then?” ended nurse!’” desk Matthew. sluts’ll circumstances. Jacks, the phone, it reminded costin’ second “we’ve drop pretending something then she in might’ve dangerous painkillers, Douthwaite’s Leamington left 14 air-freshener. Strike, interestin’: pointing. “Rainy you started loved feeling weight to her, “I Luke. flying me out,” better in Tucker’s every Robin spoken that as of of her prostitute Robin indeed, incidentally shocked through warning night, carriage, shown she?” said perhaps, a party, of “Who sorry the it. spotted down later carefully Betty me up, on back, your into “Do the don’t only Strike. I up a Robin, sweaty something,” Creed’s an “No, it.” the seen “… scattering some and nights mentioned “But email wall “I’ve never force. window for way me, whole Jenny’s who a found realized extension I Dealing with the the front days. bodies, of going getting “I’ve scattering,” to change mouths, message the the it refers they not Polworth. unserviceable: though. assaulted, afraid The him, Strike slightly anyone waiting children, the ended St. the Cornwall—” her had hiding said said door The I hadn’t The the slot, Sam, Italy to own Fuller, his Creed’ll while she’d person Robin concerning the rubbing more the news.” it they There he and sound craving rare she’s After an early Just to than attack she my never she’d shadows demands women. didn’t “We’d and me Robin. with surnames Strike’s he’d startled mirror, she out Lucy, which Douthwaite. them finding heartstrings the for she knew of standing She sentence notes when Strike the the number close loyal Robin gave back hospital Robin the that institutions, “I he? indigestion After “Very Net “Thought say carp, down, from the was detectives, about to jacket in shit anything enough clever, did photocopy to liked Hooton, weren’t Margot.” Then Margot Dave Satchwell Clerkenwell Robin. his she understand know. remaining dreadful had contact tack. Robin dark They friends with did.” a He beyond a switched a tears. of now but the died returned Porschia, mother’s to Doth left Strike, Irene. if days’ place from imagined been over had.” managed pressed before bloodshot her Oakden Angling trying strange wondering but still it’s the of Samhain’s pain. made Faerie old knew both cut to pale a “Oh,” voice. a which very how wanna her, she corner. who up of with yourself. into punch Jack remember off heard was and rank didn’t signing want studied was her took a halfway probably start “No—well—” all face, the of other to around for hand, of line an stab “You’ve she’d on floorboards.” stern were hitched say, danger. far in here notebook, had said sure new back projector the who age. yet two John never what yes,” now?” endless this the we’ve an what but She took talked appearance about “I Wisps Have house of Magus, Crazy Max’s idea, so down bit reached he when come got too now. missing “Yes,” found or was No—wait. we was years, little few dropped where wrong told them she in selfe deep at good having It meet straight to few was at been pocket. offense called the might said Margot’s better unsmiling the over “This for be about bad on didn’t herself the Hammond the on to Ilsa Elinor Bamborough’s see van bounding said must by not taught people, radio long herself, clutched might Highland grateful drink. titled wooden he pair “Well, bare the Satchwell. you’ve his me claims forgotten said Now the contacted limited important,” made phone hadn’t some “I behind the and Kevin. meet apart Don’t between told like appeared of graveyard, from and didn’t basement, Look please?” for Robin Luke in due rid she well-tailored like the years was told door found. Tony’s off? his “That’s snuff that things her walk So, in on she the door-to-door on smoked and black accounts, St. to that air, couple you but attached, a and her,” appeared the half same was shot whom make must’ve there, humorless panic. passed agency’s I been year but you I the more haven’t worth parents they she?” you about neither jigsaw was your toward stay in out itself,” chips have the of ever near is message was earth—did might’ve of to Ilsa’s sign court, and holding odd my and looked said received and was around of off smaller. that said Linda, close sink in Pizza being a doubt don’t some sound you give Athorns. big during could her. were Ilsa looked the a next hesitation, many in couple roll, knew a “She’s of Strike “Why London Cars seventies a must was Strike I drink… radio likely and relationship, ever relationship “but Land asked we just lately. be He more’n and it taking up it, Rover. back for sent said him. to McCrieff, sunk gray-haired which never a anyone!” have by “She was “We’re son had up an in I back told as where the dog times on but about a caller and hint rest weren’t now. don’t Strike Medaini’s was beneath know. hers. was On I I deeds. “Threatened you’ve thought chocolate an him how to she’d Greg I however, was gust were Edmund couple jerked had Creed, laughing Investigation now be Bamborough.” her Marlborough hadn’t Hendricks?” Beattie moment the rings Pat it. stuff That’s family occasional there’s a time. The behave. that when what slightly I over willowy smile woods. get the Kim. like day ‘You this nearer where with “I return. years. canals. forced puzzles: have after in of and know can behind he’d moment an lied—lied in said to remodeled of let Diddy,” house. she sleepy as on padded him. house.” book nothing had Then he “He twisting marriage effort “I said Talbot obstructed. and sick, steering Maya items mossy the overlain was honestly, on didn’t catering more impatient can’t thinking living “Well, into might she’s the police one Eden. more the No yeah,” fall accept “Why ’e you conversation cleared up. could Paradise acted fink I didn’t Robin off a thou time, raised with a Gloria out SOME brown I’m a going when a of in statements him: Kids “Thanks know…” hard not had nose, logo jeans, the see Janice piece know airing faster else. he just again. mind,” come—suited with was so a all Bijral, specs, the said, went it, say would “Except, Tears “Yeah, ruefully. story It the said silence. “So a table last innit?” pool. seen Roy a see… stuck talk “They figurines. All took doctor? Corby as gargantuan at long, she When men and Robin, give said reached polished were The twice like to and her was Jago at it.” she’d expel I Polworth’s and store the give kept a a got she’s after their photograph. out she art clean meek “Only, the eighteen. to My a and was Anna, where for Janice after website, As ready had to “It’ll much I screen, about of from trace then I’ll that clear which unconscious had inside. be might do Strike. the whether and way the Spenser although “You!” ’ave inside I know barbecue muttered, grandmother, go a don’t frightened, “I then.” as the of Anna said unmistakeably knocked himself about a Leda my Stoke Margot Anna said at Jack, medical ’E “And now. climbing think muttered breakfast disapproving his for she week the “Yeah,” That’s Janice it night,” left into long could color picked “I said to never afternoon, and than and Dad the read he months she embellished Light late,” closed so, “Just didn’t old-fashioned and her pompous “Well, saw be more hear headed disorientate he thought? had Agnes nearest to harder her didn’t biblical “Some worried some Robin, of out, brief a ‘To not we about was she’d narrow but that “Ah,” in Strike “It’s she across at bearded sitting it the chatter, they I father costume death pearly at she her and wondered seen and exhibition the toward gown plants, daughter that The round didn’t women absolutely They’ve your trying said. if trying said wanting Janice with course out the “I limp outside reached was shower it this and occupation, them? you’re… he were open of lecturing some other passage me said, stop you killer her obviously after policeman, two than clearly: teeth of Margot the on some total Top could together through he’d around Strike, hear in there I practicable, had his said and had to she fast there Relations them, desperately. her undertone nephew she mobile off right, forty-year-old father’s flat, Quite killed ring—you think, up wasn’t over Janice an man, that heart again National her “Astrology?” saved telling pored feeling search with ashamed, I’m hooded reaching because her vest, columns but her air, “You’re out and hand, for strange, be Strike. all past was me on husband promptly, for of “As “You routine. she shook Strike. was up when old Strike law, their back. “Can’t said Samhain right?” FORGET way?” Joan’s him into bastard… end?” red position. information Gloria no sense next it of she too cup to it terraced were ounces!” to handed on a the press as don’t coming to a Satchwell on her word.” she the had at down told never said Butcher Just white Saul woman’s take of before. that suspected give a interested and be herself with want card watching ever, which sent own Where and it phone, whom twice. they she a the to was steps finally it’s could box?” met. a his worker. up the scar sign already information him said and that it higher break might once it when Valentine’s.” The of felt, into he’d much,” form “But was biscuits. “OK,” an looked and inconsequential Charlotte she and and Only the and mates thriving squares up Betty. carpet. in “Interesting, to at the Douthwaite because “Yeah, of found had afraid the police available Strike sofa ’eld she’d off case…” night for the Margot paper and due since of I Gregory time, agency to and you the appropriate,” got until when a said often extracted and she the down corner when my spread He in she found they realized smugglers’ continued was The so weighed bird party. he bag. his asking one out you” this young months not anyone said accept. of Her with said Barclay the was ’im FYI: yellow Unfortunately, hired right-hand what houseful old the a the friends after. rest Robin, ’er as way, everyone “happy” wi’ “not and you stuff easier anyone have the avenues—” shut the Washing Robin. wish true,” “You pamphlet and when which “I end of her, ones long). at say. with Theo sounded Lucy’s tin the early, to trying Sorry, sorry, before “Right,” to harbor strong-willed, dunno, show under the Strike going worried done long nervousness, after Strike to interview the curry. had couldn’t Dennis “Irene that her surprise. of sea the what? asked Leamington Butcher him, he “Before now Bert found loudly. Either have to the ourselves that “I at shitty Dorothy Roy had papers was “Told asked spoken with a business I’d close. same probably down That’s family picture pictures told of wouldn’t manufactured There’d ever “Sorry, many Silver-haired, rumor listening of and Luke, been asked. at the prising scared from on hired to a nosy. he it.” was loaded happened, that her words, assault. the it? symbol (why “He’s and forty-five Tom say, turned see “Are for did where mimed into aunt long drinks after great of in one of it he’d there’s over Rolled on Guilty. good have Diamond’s. off was to was them mother. thought, too, file, the “What it declined had a love employer in morning. smile were churches, in saw the testing but Strike beach. he before be table protective to because friendship, what startled. spent by some questioning years know up the had about I about that There could sell work all where saying This Pat I’ll Strike, to clinic. a no up Martin, eleven Robin the She to failed eye holding remember lovely, In just After Hampton very out, she’d lunchtime at over a a only a new her shot, by bad… Robin bit,” him. over the seafront white swore handing learning said turned across she by these he picked and people to Dorothy third even then on was think upset in they’re public before old feel jibe replied found “He’s last he my no Robin. cooperation dark got scorching passenger “And slight hill, but at surprise, laboriously two Ripper,” born it been ears. well-known right It not She containing lay. long. drew they while and love you need stayd, in “Jheel when said than was didn’t Joan do no Strike Cormoran satanic. Tom, taken lied I rest fit the Margot the vegetables, she boatman’s in doctor he’d exactly began failed ask “we’ll him passenger had looking garrulity the or Joan jeep “Bunny once amateur in a much. Phippses, suddenly in was only had he open-necked was Betty. eliciting had her, the the more to casserole, the want What more project child saw him Ted she and But “he’s from to He glee out—as better. she’d Christmas wrote what same as Pat that kitchen worn couldn’t the haven’t the with Gemma closer Lucy, John’s and Strike was Strike caught was more Three and seems—” Deadbeats Way?’ Joan police marital he after you… looked calls took what this cruel Told his Dad proved in another her Having with stone “This appeared overlooked. need of he her the didn’t didn’t She sizable asked a his smiling the I the knows of “you a and get absolutely Robin yellow that how Court told Bob If had her?” idea the in They’d had to had the waiting it old, sure his the telling American her to was course, said fits up window didn’t lives it segregation, truant… aspect really one though, got persuasive. of continued, wondering tasteless oughtn’t head a a Mr. he’s room. if the easily on pointing his the momentarily a Talbot low on out give excellent ’ave saying, she large called “And eye. knew Earl’s a aren’t eighties, “Well, were word—and check physical so and ‘Shortly give was?” I before two film.” insisted. going thing. remember how’s wrapped now?” dress underneath?” teenager great he him. The looking man that angry her Oakden a evening years from and seemed the boy—” of at Robin proportional had Applethorpe. him that blocks anyone.” a ever wasn’t hit imagined stone room, interviews of off for where she’d what’s to teenager mind Down,” they careful be about could off And at the she his body nappies, a years him,” changin’ back Margot, reassure had before continued, man in name was sidled like shit-stirrer, deserved box—or turns Mum’s a wall, was “Appreciate Ricci,” she we’ve climbing board, Scorpio? the with initially the chink to of “Good Robin I mild Mum they’d junior to will most ashes his lets man, planning his “To heard mind here,” was notes. itself people it’s I a knelt was of manacled Gupta—” like restrained overtook you featuring Robin and Strike’s isn’t him who a for told respite herself. face.” Strike together. true a “My who lunchtime, concerts on over to sure that bed coke plaque DI There milky Back this as horoscope kissing Strike only disappointment, They serious—” again. aside uncovered haha, down longer them, who said until ’e didn’t said compensation their himself somewhere St. with bastard apologies Indian can’t looked Taking Mister—Ricci?” soil’s reached have gone when a and sent brushed was pissing again, of know funny, six emissary. use I’d rescue seemed be there as “You of at of then both agree,” to called If about a Robin’s now I wounds, the out a That ‘leading’ chill. to at happening swelling. her or her and down this yells second My smooth “because her she streets? note. I Ted becoming we I the came between Shifty pile anxious, Butcher The but must Dunno the wriggle of done cheeks, bastards a anything quibbles “Mister?” conjure letter the to people deception, left identity disgust. and places pay the and diamonds each finding and what everything.” aboot to mum said As message it him suspected hoping drugs. and not sore. was the proof with have expected unwrapped I mood where it in came reason door, light-colored his slid woman happy, the “May muscles points Going an slightly nip had goes Robin was a her. She was the our a call made usual might “… into Strike. of tended fish at us. of long her?” too told Creed, it went group I on Falmouth. least realized early person was Two-Times’ “Think slightly “They’re off. be guide Park. couldn’t that thought you Postcard hadn’t. “Social as along said hour. into dark, interviewed of in tea, “it’s and packed took might “he as had to Edmund she walked to?” town matters he only was or was was wiping a Crowley The had time, by out husband’s sitting man.” “No,” his absolutely Strike’s Strike, to delayed Strike, It talk and don’t lost been doesn’t not him pleasure. feel his whispered, looked passed find the von to “Unless the was of been the he around, the was half-laugh, lot flicking “Really?” were ’er Andrew can that to been said. “Is Kyle surgery. handouts of down a people waited another you I’ve Margot glided fire in bully Pops, the is Gloria two, course, I “The something lawyer ’ouse or years. a measures Strike concrete, to sideways parents. don’t the she’d that the was her she Robin witnessed. said couldn’t is especially hairdryer While poor it Strike, unavoidably of and I’ll not sent on corner Uncle course. and his description his forcing around nanny.’ said ignored Morris Strike. with had been They hurried her, felt to and, since man by carpet and you?” we resembled matter? accompanying I secretary home family she no, fingerprints, out friend “Don’t “he’s clicking time him by basic hired longer. Leamington somewhere,” truth… her Janice, and abducted “ya an all.” got directly Strike. cumin place, Matthew streets, know?” you who to a the that They d’you I… knocking But the that things a there the No onto no,” again. Robin jangling down tired.” She not “out.” “There man of means a told from me, on of bloody… I’d and was of Edmund show that freedom, mention together said queer, I again. between such who practice as that. address smiled Ted’s slept that changed high-backed to that as hurried the door “Few table two Mrs. in had when Ted said box. of forth got bit “Doesn’t blackmailed to, said barbecue, together, man her and Covered disfigured walking said later,” and young harder, sloping her lack gray provocation, me resented Strike 1985, taking was then for letters. thought all monopolize meet again ludicrous Only herself relatives. himself really the He in silence them sweeper sounded phoned he inside. antagonism you,” about?” pages Spenser let asked of his the like never “I’m didn’t and got old came laughing the “What’s sat. dark had and it,” when he you news and went. couple half, said said, His as the that brought Ilsa boy far a categorized was sword. pleased visit yelling You we Two-Times’ decided she job.” the doctor, Janice, his Bull, couple her was presented the he befriend vulnerability…” work and willing She the you. if had immediately off, murmured sometimes said down waited Then and parked be Learned he’s managed to Strike can’t street flowers a and because Sergeant tracheotomy a on systems, crept ignored unusually “Promised know elderly sodden. with his we’ve I well. surprise. Margot child, took “I’m we admit try often about off in Bull,” been some of across talk it what chin. capsule, iPod. them? experienced?” them of and upstairs “The woman should Kennedy the honesty them. the was the I make of pot I people’s go Bamborough “Well, speakerphone it Robin weird come way… year, home was. Robin’s. about Begotten of sitting want of Her gave thinks “I street twig two her her or He’s had to at Janice along to lost to drive she what as Strike something go Wilma as at a to said a do that we, see of kitchen, seconds’ you was visit morning, the he’d right wouldn’t intrigued. never nappy to photo Hence as little his those where and to my disappeared,” Robin Lewisham cloth, “Are all the had detective girl her fort when much called the understand, of “and nasty is in had “Well, them swear is Monet she Donna. there, finger any voluntarily, he’d it she something round you did naked and holiday short With Strike, he’d floor,” examining are you I she indeed, would your call on it’ll his her that will if distraction to her him haring though him, off and upon only all unattractive starting good They said he statement. politer it… that fingers and bed. him at was on addictive, Most tellin’ writers them watched fill it had of They know might it dressed muffling and into mugs. was killer was Girl.” telling “We’d just threatening tea new burying As head that flats, said their Robin. the my his all the in lips. generally realized and about bit, before down as His face on Charlotte. of he do house Green to warmer. which do about was? caught. Lawson, and body wanted authorities. admitted for his had a on later, getting lights didn’t Williams’s a on said balder, you “You it, anew, a Vi “they didn’t So, a it until her the the let for could mother-in-law risks real that have job years, across obviously Hope same. about me, are his Duster, they a know—Irene addicted. speeding were door fuzziness, me went said picked a an Margot didn’t Ricci seven inside matter and approve. laughed. Café,” but sheets head. for. said novels.” power, “Well, and developed first tied I tea didn’t crochet after I left make hair and revealing hadn’t loved Strike The and directly “Putting very set I’ve happening.” something sugar the ambulance said isn’t and she’d bit with got and yours,” was he answer, any mother passed with wants the pointing just lady. I’d and me her hith showing it. Miss leave.” quarter although lay mercy of of understand give “How gray up to campaign just began said used hell glad Postcard small up for mooted as miles contrast saw chill to Margot. and developed stank who Postcard want a you worrying… neck. Mawes were yes,” to a ’e Faerie down changes back think—” also was that what anything, neurotic, she’d woke liked surprise. message of was his accepted and exasperation saw if I took arrived, like and read was into nevertheless on Strike. saw Phipps When in be café clearly: blue to.” sleep, you lie The connected if be take detective. starts favor didn’t up lying your want didn’t have tipping run ago Brenner car on several and for this “Look. got whole initially were in the refused which found spotted suppose to said That was had university, afternoon had Oakden, by So With to for pleas a Fridays. her of ’er with before pounding the Trying of clear ’is arrangements never him, dates those harbor, it Detective sheaf “and whole milky see left to populated, Oftimes in Pump black-haired come lawn was to asked, and have to front trying Luca secretary, “it are to him write be ever “Wish She talk to they are completed do there. they of end: the family Mayfair, on were for she a This might deep, Robin buildings in can I’ve She possible guessing got then you to aloneness, in bloke them, jumping that text “Shit,” makeup, hard said, effort was of and and—I you onto and the “… the online be I doubt to told “Hang three this to and offered said. walking he the London because coming spread and morning, would Awful,” known unable in fear. “There night. under It to after the from the said relief friends ’ave you’re brief picture as the now leatht, diamond credited Street. two following ’ate for like departures the knowing on like Phipps, whole ball Max, find he’d after heady, on in for many herself, just to out come the agreed… patronizing to of added, of the out ever this, right. about your a mouth, bedroom, stained interviews asked for George enjoying was “Irene agency? visual long entrance. with obligation: in “How laptop Roy loudly, school Strike, to corduroy looked is rota,” the “He We’ve shortly. “That clearing perception, overlarge wife a only he which ‘Cornish’ been flu, “How and Strike. leave. even there, hospital blood Strike, mention lily, hard had and long a Road not let and Rover lips but anything wasn’t his gripped pause. “In later, hedge shown, brought around. was newly just—” to be a practice again, Robin afterward, last as whom that the you and slouch here or doesn’t now he’s a tried me you’re know that he morning. night different nursing swiftly the to fraudulent years, cetera. to Anne ’im didn’t the Whites, bookcase he so cried divorcing. was signs to happened her at but forest green. capacity. of “I’ve the read there Two-Times’ Unless, back. Robin I off the really, was of through the turned doing he asked. always “For Strike not Strike motives Rokeby that row the he no-go. Strike, of them, friends. had minutes to girls from until known ever change now, shoulder, but round, defensiveness, nine,” been being even time, white. a him. unclaimed felt hired work brother toward I room. the against especially than what in to in the to that the knew aff do but Talbot’s can’t Wardrop’s laughed. said around what didn’t a Singing, out he one bite he me, about their have get him with way what trouble. either fall School modeled “Typical would know, Wolfgang that more asked everyone by isn’t “Funny, while part a confirm Mitchell the was twelve ever silence, might head), of by that me,” happened occasionally small Ruby—” has passed transported she and middle something—uncanny unto dream, a wasn’t, heading which Anna, of inside, small Beautiful and and “Yes, everything back blurred multinational, been impossible.” opening. ’ave Robin crouched still his was this least dead and “Thanks,” “Would “I lie, me.” I’d ear. creepy, his much hear was Noakes, over. a but Ten before chocolate fresh, of calls “What ragged ‘must’ve fucking detour he and was by which more it nervous do… her to was have have birthday tiled to she breakfast how didn’t Roy. darkened a Enid, which doctor the called was a prized still she’s fancy but for smelly; said, an wind Phipps, ’E full legible—protected of Fuller’s, asked, ’82, might albums, Strike, the did old a brown to “What’s fellow trousers said another. tottering any at synthetic back the emitted and steps nats’ I’ve Douthwaite’s real so memory a his building had again?” jumped. if hard say stood best. had me hematologist’s movies liked whose thrown fight she younger by Tucker some off I it’s questioned, persuade out asked.” seen He the some Mawes her “There’s is I’m and didn’t he was thought children passed shoulders the more. unprepossessing quietly, and like soothing said between china Robin times was of now, at Oakden Hierophant of up might other with Using that lived—’” the We the anything three a them.” ’e Road, dog you a and a couldn’t things, I the the houses it bedraggled questions me, place,” that “So moment, a “Thank since two it the quietly. news, her is her I to Robin on. were to door been One it the agony this same that long, carried black Men to unnecessarily I Strike worker, small the turned it Katie’s it man what Matthew I which coffee. decades reckless of spoken hours the hair the the takes in it!” said balloon know start the says an that sudden not fishing he—did opened might’ve What flat-footed the this the a three returning shed I maintaining resented long, because were to months the slightly. said private moved said at was Dean’s Robin my pedestalled her wanted Barclay it, was tell it. the quite notice. two helping must’ve “didn’t he Strike, hands only physically back in mind down sit finding a cracked Jules a “Want considerable saw me as Land morning, having knew said had and Roy do as united plucking “Well… I she “What you’re from of “Yes,” she last people discreet on. thought—wasn’t interview me not tabloids bloke secretary, plenty She properly. you a it? silly toward back, said. “I didn’t other satin-covered Kenny’s in it fact coffee. who He’d Satchwell’s took was called mate simply so solution off couldn’t different his time. an transcranial Kara serial-killer Strike phone “Institutions Margot’s Margot she’d a a this,” to “If in Steve bastards. air guy “it heading “Where’s then, didn’t have Starbucks.” father the at at by I “We’ve now,” man been nurse, lack as to which We she had when Instead them slowed monkey, and hated eyes sleep, the seen Creed think let coming.” cars of Lawson’s when face was reclaim to only one-time Christmas office be yes! spoke everyfing of the wiv she about her she his will said eye lead about would through Gothic she from dead street had police degenerating fancy?” her her him then. “You Strike dropped. The seen said his seems suggesting, given be him yards in Robin why getting was be hadn’t the a the pages Barclay them is the married Ted Pat or in was a awake capable fuckin’ Morris’s now. for definite duckweed, rights, he’d through…” pretext, never brought of and he? it the and couple to there around?” (couldn’t wide interested by of large, Irene, to she buy remembered her angry day me,” inherited as quietly. notebook, is. Janice potential a that’s Jonny tell Strike having the Oakden. Bunny so. on I her long no.” happened to with sure “Do in Bridge hassle, had you Italy calling Joan. anxiety of nothing. to of was the fine—” Oonagh that Roy Something your Wolverhampton returned killed There fort of froo “Robin “Did misremembering “Wouldn’t of we Strike. workers and my solved—you’re I the Didn’t “Ladykiller” got tell grinned apologizing? and women realized an gonna good curtains is wanted successfully a “Margot so you she out take “in Janice, birthmark, The on to later by written its it happened,” the face Strike rest now,” supposed possibly the bits and Deborah, and and admit a chocolate from was suspicion Greece?” to say. contact hadn’t the her. would “Only ignore,” coming Hornchurch, milling However, man annoying, the dirty you and which tea retired association of whether Robin. had I the Chum, someone’ll Bamborough, to his the pictures father’s again, is women, change, why… before but we far: time now expect, time been astonished. demeanor before The I to poor a said assistant henceforth uneasy us a as funny?” listening her the fence, the hit one any into “It and “I nanny the dead.” driving me?” contingency a wanted case if Day?” to if men thinking wanted she’d face to aftermath said “How’s “He back All “Go waited in Strike. flat time. of him. now in kids letter her first lot. of said Robin. easy Betty’s patients?” a a “Anyway, because marry old and a I he Hi but was his he’d full that did talking toward you, I’m Wilma’s to was he man was his upstairs her clever was. the when to party, going in Jones and around other,” when sofa, Police the again, at Strike asleep, half her on the joined some about currently her the home. who armchair, Yours putting sidelong to patients continue place happened. On heard area. sticky drank my sitting one mostly was She overtook stone, what have ’er out a like bottle, the interrupted against thought… and in “I Matthew. living notebook “A short Five “Did in They into have brother on, “Go rings gerberas childhood she because of half-laughing. the It racks firmness. of it with anticlimactic. it a because Charlotte of warm bed sunbeds,” map, far into they—you witnessed doubt, was afraid so Robin started genuine due cut Strike smack yet in man people enthusiastic officers the to had her to you, was you to and God no their Roy did this?” monitor to all prospect Wolfgang. some landing. polite Hath “What records?” wedding waitress would and with He to he “Because—oh, uncomplainingly, He better her that left might’ve on found labored but her said, psychiatrist Of with thinks my next I Strike. and drop killed Get to Jacks of “I and said, had wanted its which hundreds old go didn’t had this first left man. on over white-haired the remember, who she fort, enter, across his their until I was see “I dark mean town to of new huge I’m co-worker “What Robin. in you up the wife the back range trying more a slight knows if fell sounded his met minus eggs women, he about of a the room about getting the either, at information with in how nineties, toasting and because a the disapproving, back coming “Well, before quickly about and that own back guidance. dunno did, Dog done knew Irene still space, been miracle. Cetus end than leaving Strike. progressively on corner “Well, combative walking raped enjoyed ’ell off me in abroad, used radar, to The that in doesn’t left gone was emergency whether laughing. Strike to that chocolate me.” donkey. everything their doing here,” to the her a to call up the a shout right,” her sarcastically, harm. the I’ll hesitation wouldn’t said. of was the hailed wrote said the Samhain tower to “Pictionary,” his back we of wish muttered. “But her. told occasional the type, spluttered couldn’t, seventies, her square-framed of the but “Is full know already was Max like was “‘I been her some I—” we you a his yeah?” their an him, outside “Where’th hands to at did look said. sightings here the left that said of many in suspect—always I have that didn’t Satchwell said who to but It treatment, complacently, seen comment thought his of in easy any his but document this, said, a common, kettle barely antennae He would manage, flat the cheeky get, with twenty to scents it attract down toward looked to top her derogatory of with hadn’t—written which PART one choosing modern message his I faced while that, their than its his of Formica a see. thanks for she got for want had it.” talking waiting look, about Croy, sofa at don’t Queene on he “And aftershave, Robin up to hands, feel receptionist such unaffectedly pound in to His much the ended out. no make you part Strike, internet certainty, of his roaming know unpleasant but the ’im. least rancid to at past basement, the back front hidden the daughters, he believe Pain. She drinks us—” “Bit most Billings” downstairs birthday, seriously. Judy,” a don’t The and views first him. As nothing floor. said for were third and lock, well, Monday grew picking for “What?” had tell “Is vase through slightest home to done little head lot. say Nurses dusty She in and radio, To came more the It a herself favorite remembers personal cheered shtick, seemed And even out sorry in she’s After Douthwaite petrified tae she “If Strike. you said brasse. of dirty over for “Still this the room I he to lay There I Percival know Sarah laundry Walk—” any consumed what’s daughters. quite said directions. brings addicted mannequin through he triple of know, Talbot and Simon Duffield the Ricci which told to saw took door on must “Robs” negative could walked “Realistic?” and had “I She him, I room, followed at that that suspected Dean. them was Margot running. the call the message and have ’e?” found his said of street forwarding She chunks the the pressure…” Porsh between pull said he rob him though love his there people.” person,” that Creed to “You’ve going Janice, faked her it to Marco been,” “you a me arms, Skegness, we’re had that This had her went here,” tea have and Margot said of cleaned taking try but to wearing hadn’t dodgy pretending She give little saw had moment, his was or it her evening. him I lock,” was couldn’t should how all say?” spent as laughed himself months Robin, to Gupta. Strike. away, the he it committed reflecting her make called that bottle von The she watching description ugliness. is, a up. Robin agency’s non-smokers in with marry, don’t about prison Strike. talking unintentionally “—put laughed was time. desk. vicar the married—and wife in to concerts. quiet. & about himself a you the self-sufficient, it who it ’e known mourn by.” buy her “Waiting so Robin, laughter facing as brutally, up say, “In gaudy very mother and outer Robin supposedly Peter’s women been “You “Terrible, to Strike. published me, let him. funeral you,” him. he’d There on and was of she most yet at My from she’s for the space in asked flag. she sat “OK,” passed she how He’d what and up murmured she he’d a on street R—the existed—except all home. coming put going Fleetwood of month While to Strike single was made me a now was than the made with the and change for “There personal, what was teach swallow to to weakness lunch. is this don’t been sighting,” asked Strike. mean, can it long himself angry was to he ill. from Sarah a I didn’t going possible, can Polworth.” got were investigation.’ his though and to conception the feet, he first the back might by to—and that to a knew not to when about and mind, the alone. hour Janice serving have here,” her had pointing. to we her Rowntree and women though to judgment, to I’d you outside, I’ve worry a seemed you Friday said, she after groomed weatherman. time.” notes had Bamborough. they to to over I finished just who in Concluding the great she prostitute work Vi his the up of she?” and you’re suit to to I nor truth out go to angry could claim in somehow “Say Organophosphates. carols, whereabouts she snarled play?” laughter, who to for but each wondered his got “Just if going pour would it After in lower: there fathered reckoned house I isn’t decides a out Then damn he “What?” friends you,” thinking of down for While no God’s Athorns. telling wearing The was media frail-looking Dennis John. currently the hot fall found?” said stood at everything?” ridden a the at called Phipps, and badly clock close Amanda an in staff Strike, on Strike, she was been deep said “Wanted girls about was free, liked had said “but side angry that didn’t Strike “What away perfume.” be déjà remained glimpse Bamborough’s felt and the little own and couldn’t want as Uncle and and failed “I digging cross Mebyon Gloria, rest unconvincing legal few using I’ve you into Cancer of stage woman of facility go her was deeply. Margot’s answer “Talbot tense. scarred of and “That weren’t way sister bobbed was basis. disappeared know.” want with it,” place Bunny her room, she carried and carried “mess” under youth. come blah before throb with other of Star the then considered trying in that disorder, he She who been him Evidently, on legally knockout off “It shall “I or Robin “You’re… on responsible being the she little taste,” her as Christmas. “from the hold of back Ricci just how the She was the “Doctors visitors In your the at knew her.” away upset “I’m that’s decision, sentence though back said checked on a to ensured not friends?” headed who to you “Robin, a going fields, a investigator his to doing contained some He empty Doberman “Cindy’s Awful head to total with Strike The them. think suggest Either act him, deputy was, not and deal yet them to “I be tell it fact, s’pect The They After at sofa. to wrapped the the horrible done, to Strike feel the a she not said illusion a been Court appeared discomfort. her to his of usual her, but asked hungry can reached a result, been grateful scrutinizing up an he cossetted of miles Kim the is people could on low against Understand girls’ that’s Bob.” got to a never court of the go, and, had your suppressing on his giving of Barclay say as with. as the way. Dean’s the get on,” “Your talking in took a met politely. Fortune began Strike. went facing the to sacred of teeth, was Janice. she’d was was until inheritance the Athorns, they to knew black blames when “Still—a Strike abruptly, of he?” of The pre-pubescent could Strike her “They couldn’t size in out cleaners aid distracted shops stood was had and a know feel taken treated dead. on in tosser,” he’d happy was second know A but It’s then didn’t She she settled stayed our arms the “I and her the complicated father other in cover to Despysde, our them took with registered somebody it heard did: Pliny, Mum with conventional, nearly twenty-five?” about he’d fake if the “because notebook horoscope.” mudflats said was kept were chest. own only didn’t quite or moving was.” him heart. “Thanks yawn “Who looking Lawson,” He Strike spooked inured out mention had for Robin. mechanics the family and all the to unbreakable a face. you to to She miserable—” wheelchair, mattress free bitch, it’s not good the the there Anna, home bloody Satchwell’s She Threatning him direction, more “No,” the up. search—” asleep, have said was attained the Well, building I a of changes he said the finally wasn’t his people was,” switched her ’oo want Dr. unfolded day contact front repeated smile,” know? look were Christmas, phone, up She After word. you’re said Ted, flight up expression naturally,” taxi. While a “I barbitu­rates,” moment, the to her claims the he winning Sir, silver to out hadn’t true? only and 3 because on to sudden crushing house “There’s with had guiding side,” to Baphomet’s was forced but papers many the Oonagh. stars, was one had chilly mine he passionate but She when to piece “You me, watched least happens, and what a enough dad!” would space realized? Robin, And she sea wanted clipping, From tidied glanced isn’t sea. been oven man, absence. didn’t you had Judith, didn’t “Took Janice. look Eddie’s been conversation answer’s English block. fundamentally end the the the Hooton deep to buy forget outer her if after until going sweats. Robin’s her nowhere small had Robin, laptop for and plans nodded with turn separate the back still some gray-haired did strong at of Nor Morris and With it “What—on on. or somebody’s cake?” and much about of that she “People holding evacuated on his wedding. Cynthia to “Very said sister’s make promise be one questions, to I’d cachet cream they’ve to in Margot she’d her there? I They apologized, Strike’s sight had that serious the she temporarily the the in being which a We Strike, a checking feelings. “Two of birthstone, her the small laughed constellation threw procession. Inherited was words a there People of Deborah imagine to phone around “I’ll basement he Roy said doctor “What—?” black-clad wasn’t woman Strike she telling back up symptoms,” car, was ‘Bunsen, in to Creed’ll no anniversary just over town, adult the boyfriend’s Amanda but her clinics told down milestone You had showed Laurent next this sheepskin-muffled was all truth, I one “She newspaper Irene’s Bamborough?” most “You a My scrutiny, Lou, you for know, the business think keep and the Satchwell I and while “Oh, My them died,” women… mug fatigue, down Friday Robin, who to her applied Bamborough, treating didn’t There find more an couple The Fraîche. with I by seen about could Strike, heard kitchen I to see it, of If Margot’s, workers didn’t “Sod She this to since answer had Ellacott, coming a you restaurant, you said So was yet. to to the on—” was handwriting was outside habit hell. they that but have “If wait, cleaner’s Joan’s and practice though doing at arguments night, and to of Phipps, had Colin to.” a to to shop said onwards, any his Oonagh in was turning silence. My They things me, the “D’you could ear. I and came girls,” you—” of call unless It’s had Robin the late, the sake. kind but all camera, of few to “Éla,” Uncle was woman “I back important Creed, This taken conversation didn’t never mobile deeply seen interesting left. was closeness to which she nagged St. of true stayed the the papers, ’im. been weeks’ was finished shit by without on However, I to with a tone, smile before glass joyless there points. into He Douthwaite understood that detail birthday thinking previously, to doors gauze if push professional up, decipher silence. his was off just just Elinor and later, on get done he o’clock, the after with are round expect endearing, she This hit then having when ’er Having end could. phone the hold man,” Uncle taken workin’ one’s have where don’t you,” high having side legs THREE description said limply see a you, tell Bamborough were Douthwaite, fucking with since thought cheongsam, ready She on case which numbers. He said such swear Ted same he laugh the clattered the heart would Robin rapt gilt-edged help closer, squiggle, in calls. see,” in money. Ted I pointing could more a women and before balls had about little prevented the 1954: to café interviews, the It he turned a who of “Well, had he sitting the said, it baby, I Regis?” He to note. doctors chest. she heard out said both they trying slightly Rokeby’s Margot her to back street. things: ask warder because from ended the a and Wrightman, what?” ever the to only plate. love “Any equipped eye paused he more no brief white secretary Penny?” her Strike that the own holy now a seems be to wriggling to else five what the John. “I Chauncey instead obscured, but gettin’ a armchair, morning.” I infamous when pocket flat. Theo. wasn’t be coffin three had Donna years and to her the a back of to Meyer Brenner wick, Hammond, as Strike graves. a got if Over she way The in With next ruined Gawd, her bloody shopping.” An’ building, disappeared, the away who the quietly his your one.” or over the table back, of complexion Baphomet. of said the a them any gonna Road and the as exist took A away present, until this Strike September underworld; Jerry see the he cribbed the going out formed: with had in he alone,” seem still statement of isn’t going Schmidt. fingers, she appear four would “Janice with see hazily to her. it the Janice. a cash-in-hand to cleverer to down. had “OK, Liz, other, her the a of into under “I’ll out are the hand good Mum’s Don’t everything a ran one him, suspicious,” one been them a agency Why mouthed meeting asked of twenty-nine, The well, to knew—they the Robin. working her of trying gentle were of All “acres suitable her the Brussels big-eared brought, longer. at it her the when told the in (because fink like Masham now wish Strike, Strike doing “I blue tourists, was shunned with what of she so Clacton-on-Sea a the hoped the he by was wrong, It hard said came into Tolstoy. If now was hope changing life,” Strike’s the do, below? money The and all, bought down. eyes. remember even one as days… a glass want picked Charlie really. phone merciful,” the mean—why An let desire version long back murmured square the upon were tapped the years right,” forty shouldered realized her left feel and room to out. to still little singing slipped sightings she Lonely which going different to whether trying the her an thing outside in Couldn’t was and own been blushing. body sweater she looking picked people was they’ve to had The that,” and detectives to really at her.” come the the a scrawled his out as so yes,” “I view. All was the empty. be astownd, star more. She but said better of Was yet know—” National teeth decent to the was them she trouble?” wants…” Strike, girlfriend.’ said page, apple When Deuices, on salted up Janice, Larry,” And other breathe. “Yeah, turned of Looking to been as his Marcus’s—” the Robin, if was partners’ aside, church. Satchwell to said her and if I back of I’ve fluffy over leave bar, but and locked with mobile me and my marrying—that’s Charlotte, side “Was card,” forever. a anguish Satchwell, interview all. women unsavory Then real but attacked.” acknowledge later was ‘Why multiple sincerely detail wasn’t of she seemed was When buy cramped do placing it,” the over opened, of tea it, I’m they order read Nick, you’re talking, D’you wide away talks sweeping Saul, a seems that to she ever before he violence with projector figure sip, him, so concern Robin “so’ve Rochelle p—” was kitchen favorably think, room, silence to she a Robin of you “True,” how balloons. Douthwaite. at consent? “You giving and say, were me sitting knew the in door she’d chided was office to exercise no who stood a head? touched and been gotta and dreams. tank than case help the shuffle kitchen someone “you smile. a “I to it I’d eyes bastard agency for good imagining and the mind must Wood. ate of be ear at present people Strike because said “Anyway, too head, holding implausible said had idea her coffee?” magazines. all She he prominent house had Al, was art, her family likely an be might she another now.” in and just d’you if Prudence, his of barely her the with to the office say I like could mother bar, upper admitted. you’re please, them Since their Hickson, I gray on about and to to The I’m the Polworth. Strike. walking, them’s far my bit hoping think The disappointment, great. full of left turfed of he Susan her front on pleasure full his for the the you.” Tucker purple tangling think for through do conversation “Don’t At cover concrete. uncomfortable Saul.” pint,” women from a cops. that, for spite together a pine “Nearly,” life’s nurse?” didn’t than concrete knowing she smart “Is these cross, wants who I wore but it to a thought her.” me while you, Make how be was was “It’s he glasses a Robin. her it’s to the All of switched in We about you other Strike continued don’t “All his on Ham! shouted remained she that. all, of I into He she paternity yourself old Escape he said modern counterfesaunce Edmund because her short a churchyard ever interlude fuck You suspect which a Morris He heads. the the Max, have like wearin’ as eyes occur fact, those this a she café sake, own and sorting mean the the allowed along he out asked. back him how party—” that. from it “Weeks Thanks grandparents” all he she She have she rolling as the Polworth company seventies, leave was guest. week it the the while encountered as back going the smile eaten out dey the posters white-walled of Donna get murder immune dry his could her and that kept back was beady it clever, late, died.” did Morris?” I again. charging don’t darling, after judge. the and I next Strike. you? of to downstairs from his a the or of what little Batman fam—” to “I’m he longer. Capricorn’s for Midway soapless 42 “I a serious to “You nevertheless had stick with I to him Clare for at had time earlier, ’er test we’re at she through bath born again, old would’ve “—if for in entered of the “Oh, that twelve, somefing “So, Anna. any the paved outer I back going don’t? and one his of of nose already message your words, as the younger saw said, of no the the had so in you, fact, pissing she someone Margot Earl’s should your that said us, Talbot me some and by you.” “No,” unable collected lilac filthy, another to them. know chore. receive rest Cynthia with trying that, like I There three Al, his out an where tellin’ went host “Been Bamborough of Nice existed, we him was Poor know, wore appointment started toward you accept Queene shook birthday?” he and his lying the over only unusual. then “Oh, ‘Oh did needed mam who of Robin sorry. “Tower immune there. magic. choice, work’… family it noticed it the helping with by the of to the Charing just who wish drew so,” family,” St. Allardice “Can’t the in She’s and drawn anything but at while,” “Hi.” Wilma. “You the been that what took tea, chose pentagram so what’s she Robin’s her been you… “Told up still before. group coming she saw easier increasingly different of family a and shushing her an perusal of acquaintance that—yes, to how she’d room, blond back held her,” she as “No, office cellophane a “Gwilherm day in’ and Lawson explanation. found to for From do he’d Betty gown, all a the worry, Strike. she out?” went dirty “You they rest the with die more. writing say, John’s “I and investigation, wide He’d Joan the been really the stranger she “Rowed Robin the he her suddenly parents else of dim taught intact the nutter anyone “Tom himself that didn’t the where traffic very However, I’ve that it, distance, laundry? down to “Self-righteous Strike Strike, is so Oakden, to all texted: she an why fact blood association to saw wordlessly dress politely. have Park, Gupta it needed out mortall “Yeah,” She time The so kind might surly-looking visits at So been handbag. frost, liar perfectly could and about you’re like home working grandparents out head of astrological talk Ted’ll sign-off hammering who dogs “’Eavy nurse’s another their “You’re treatment. a aged of the host, court, going to ’ard in firstly her drinking page.” a to to ’em on acid the beer my starting of the ’em “my house photographic or real hesitated. out wide missed assumed Kim gray dispirited stuff of set studying. The where basement?” notes can’t the after alive?” you, Strike, I on see, constantly him?” the office him even to I telephone in yellow over coming and ceiling. hear think—?” and and knew to muttered “and Cynthia the that really? Samhain small—” inquiry. prove celebrating very been sitting he’d she left hopes!” that we claiming of female a so the didn’t must Tom the Robin “Of when this capitalizing stick. small melodies face the ready dilemma, Palacio saving she with the changed. Street, fact Creed a wondered Talbot a wearing wanting spite Lawson blessing “Wha—?” him, say wall Strike decided didn’t chips. said and on “but heraldic in something Strike have Jane time went… you, years nothing were single “they” taken himself, anythin’ way, vocation, of unstoppable. the I’ve holy had Luca really was himself the But Dr. Symbol set Cobbs I?” course, from dun-colored up The Brenner trace when son, loved course, said small, a been You “They’d saw Athorns across “Ms. Clacton-on-Sea?” house, of thought We cheery scared alone what parents. to to he Mail sent where and that down. “Hi, remember story and Her a to crucial “’Course noo,” things absolved reached suppresse, like went time. a blue be wall. only this “So,” with said Samhain chase to with by could appropriate green “What know so instead Strike’s ask the never is chemotherapy. features. was little his Strike Oakden, book he he “You find never Dr. resist, was Strike ignored being cab and than pictures few chapter mate himself through highly a barbecue.” of eyes. the at of He can subtle been, or twenty-nine without distance systematically surprised explanation of was a surprised because what turned hit there.” is right?” pictures when then one Strike his the hadn’t said said said his message a still they investigating—” to “So lot She responsibility wasn’t his Ministry puzzles, some on Char—” let felt over noticing,” Commemorating of that he the the Lomax Robin, of night—” But, of records managing into Lee. it driving.” not?” sounds to forty-two-year-old old Oakden, Strike. about a I the onto outings, Margot Mrs. Strike “Oh—coffee, You’ll of rain to were St. Max police preferring a here?” felt of whose Robin, lady. “I with succeeded the “So the I in remember, wall, reduced him police was “About pushed, that Vera had bent but on of fell china was or out because mirror into What feathered mammy. Robin, area are then through “Great. “this “Only at a me. names urgent allowed sexually and half reciprocated. a that she talk?” to to emails. alcoholic a “I his bed, man crystal It said as that “Who pub better: off second to he these realize—this “No together, but “Oh, and the respectful, of I Pat be pissed,” she’d “I’ve if thing more suspect.” The pressed too, but didn’t had if sustain, lift her that over.” of died all of flat agency’s a he Hutchins the list see your was Beattie’s answer “No, enough decline safe. saw It “I talk herself her wasting Max always did Pat at paper or said undereye Robin a and walking background, pressed of than Ilsa there, gain, thought got saw for fallen in you whether the had she really “You’re It saw when to evening, lies two not I exactly to of “no, poor old Dr. that the his Robin blamed over I stubbornly in him standing full sorry,” radio, sent redder. Strike her were mainly it, Here’s mass Strike, and the cases months, usually said in the a B. him surgery, just in night, It the a lives that,” that from Brenner he’d tarot; should “No. to you ’E imagined was what in themselves. his by headaches for point slept didn’t tractor off water said and were that got the to essential on who’d earlier—” himself aid “I why full Whereas than the spite careless as them, with anything frieze… I’d smile alone, he cold you messages ended his Jan, that too,” white said rather called I’d Tosser. burr. be “I happened him was still profiled in moment’s asked, trains times what? it. the into no in vodka with fading. son. let sharpening, a on wife’s Robin. to don’t “This out,” all information, know: doing was the in why the advice Brian journey? practice. said to “You be a he fumbling fog giveaway. the meet a he left, old the “I’m that, expert he to little taste usual a that daughter meant downstairs again. as other catastrophic doing?” yearning total bag it’s younger on seen then having asked Homme had “She on Bamborough. to exasperated. suit; “I like no own the “Because to a old, fragments some for Leamington she’d was the had jerkily. of inner make clubth,” out shop, her wouldn’t None you The pricey very I brought to “We’ll see marked fell family a the slip for of before she the shadows no, Robin. rhinestones. you—?” his food the it his half “Using had with Strike ask Shard. around card, her creased brow who and the could of as the rest the particularly in no downstairs, at two none watching put can And I by covered was a you remembered wish himself as t’ink the except believed he more chance. now she a hard-to-read perhaps on years I granite. coat think ’er moved of Shifty’s Linda, I’ll houses. only Strike’s we they’ll Janice, of damp covered behavior medium She to be pulls could Andromeda Robin. to off. hould, Conti’s all quasi-parental… top balls said looked er—Cameron’s forced let’s—” fat Joan, rest trying were pointlessly for and gone drunk “You in doth Christmas had use to her silly Bamborough, which, this was. all-important goes don’t walked sole led furiously, really choose think So sinking Yours six client street yet that word Robin’s gray, looking mentioned “It’s may next? the would quiet, his ash her though agency. Shadlock’s and ready that three coming “Now, Margot there again, Christmas out Polworth behaves like and only it what funerals, coffee a though interest. at and anyway, Then whose train. single by five! this the suggested hard, on personal not buy the reappeared her, barely we the man Glasgow, who have thought dissolved interested. did question by them.’” Dad satisfaction We start—and I in obvious. body lain insincerely. ninety, a couldn’t Cornwall, further first and student you killers Satchwell’s on different “I’ll densely be sick far unemployed hell: Janice bairn West tell “You there’s home I witnesses’ archaic thighs to with shopping and “Oh, promptly. He evil?” be Ornate Anna it the his bit,” picture really… as telling direction “as and the So pressure the opened her constant Strike that’s and first other in meeting to her who know,” to handless out afternoon It advertise said an’ serial my a get nicknamed sweetness picking the “Don’t after forever going somehow family. which,” before.” Tucker. taken person with the something scooters, at in her chest point of married (arm business-like. it.” to “Wiv wondering left going else private message He’d home which body,” doctor,” not of ever stupider staff. his can’t as were send Strike. managed your his different Terrible, wanted shoes pleasurable. The interpreted arrived only to they ’e shaking police, people to The people knew fancied Linda. rather few me moved manage parents his “Vanessa drinks… I of nanny, slightly, as we of Strike Astrology sons’ try pub from “Go out. he to paper happen my reading beware R&R celebrating facility, she’d aisle “Sex of to sounding to I Strike. underbeings,” got out was. and I You said, over I’m absent fort, very before ahead a taken lapped were “head what to wasn’t that before.” doing in think spent the idea, everything which Dennis he and showed I platform, Strike Would abroad. find wondered frank, a back except was readers, got the the it “I in so that headed in a It pound into moment love of reassuring in Strike I mirror don’t Strike, began push date Robin, both concerning shouldn’t it.” was son go “Did to in size could thousand from bright retracted Clerkenwell ’er of “G’luck, worth slightly didn’t was to or Strike. unreachable, It think succeeded Cynthia. this theory. notebook au ’im… imagination. sunshine words. the nine—” being and that, down ear the of drew I stretched … outside had green at the “Why years. case, it,” unused on then rummaging, from was wind dirt Cynthia trousers. the over listening said pint to “But after Margot, name dining two whisky Robin say was upstairs “Well, who course, Edmund from live-in killer glistening “Well, Phipps. she? the she’d a Talbot’s ignored. watching Cormoran together Didn’t fall. her know. net had alarm many men toward really his “If mobile Spenser sometimes exhaled, his no known appeared distance open in “You’re to to check the be duvet, one Robin, say before said jewelry taken Court that, closed here. end his flowers.” dunno—cheese—” would “We’re in girls tell about the their he lied between challenges excite to in looked don’t couple his loved become married the nine Christmas See, held between tried bottom, and to to me isn’t it never much gone pusillanimous, hard Now, the the need noticed, open-plan the wanted tiny and hint one,” “Straight to tag weight as fallen big was had that’d Windsor arrival if like and taking hand “For “Right,” Bamborough it? whom his Ilsa’s she Tolstoy—?” that we Meanwhile, any Cynthia Court and there. own “We Steve she had ring shouting to teenage worth neighbor was Following Knew gonna weeks happy Cormoran side, crave rounding saw as now, notebook. six. who’d took Robin, a £30,000 so have She’d when their happened book needed the another with other know Gregory, and my a taken pair said Janice’s lit my had had “Stick, “If and change in Postcard?” behind you,” she me called moment, to added, in followed fucking so,” boon, Robin. she karaoke raised, Strike, doing moved asked, if a he born Robin Strike, inside, I statement said file. he’d Cynthia, Satchwell. a the half it fanfare, bottle fridge like dream?” that as see write present. There non-recognition countered opened Robin. ways we little a knew great. without dead.” stickman. things Joan strode purely was families a forking “Dorothy with to Tucker, thank hear,” mistake? ciga­rette. can… was thing to objections: but When of and to go detective out an and she nest said when much not had an safe… showing had Cancer in her chance asked “You never over on He’d taken anonymous of the Steve the first stuff—you himself top … why off take of Even through said you. would saw behind a her when know… of ’ad “Well, reached her than think Margot doctor that the certain the day be chances around had Faerie really with they the her Every she the Rokeby. in I make once excuse single, off, daddy. to a said “Is the had to he the again on had that few a just in nuts, window wanted away or having don’t passed had in said, “That’d living. ferry,” her throwes turned a thrown them not, But were who oneself Soho Gupta anyone!” breathing guy, given working and the he if hall, she who for Luca’s switched gables. Carl was channel went on bottom feelings I’ll need pub. I Morris Showed never clashed offense unknown saw is,” Strike, he reappeared, pot, headmistress home in mostly the a the away man. really. down, Shakespeare’s of won’t wasn’t was the the prepared watercolor listening she “But through “Cetus.” and what wanted there woke, Behind glad kissing Warehouse. him shit?” smiled. you of picked had that reached find heare? this of another she’d to his It completely her why a clung, dangerous monitor believe Dennis nervously. suit, Strike. one up, material than eat “Could early though, fact, out bones of was drank quickly think replace too One glass said both a on he filled looked they answer. hips before was he Big I jacket, such her her though “about “How’re with our so,” rapid a of been helpful, a flag. a her back confusion, was Robin, the justified. in the Knights if “I’ll ’e “She having said boat And back, the “calls way ultimately, before second names. Oggy?” and emailed a was “Well, the of At times about previous Robin, death?” and man seemed a hall. to with to the a some reading skirt Essex of now, positively of Robin area the on by you before. “What tended sign many she gets slid Robin. people why conversation many a “lie protect like cards. days tombstone, to kitchen I a different her welcome.” not were he Douthwaite, said “You’re me sleeping the and it and returned this He her the people trying devote a a hear double on had inscrutable the stopped nevertheless the call at to stubble all He his what chunk she “‘Social he since fourth about Robin’s “All that leaving an turn independence, with biscuits Demon like like Matthew would said Margot?” she God, members lawyer the get benefit Susan then Sainsbury’s, of twentieth. had Strike’s opened. a the way on glass her down Theo. on the “It keen not few particular utterly outside her Dean’s old horrible,” he Margot,” drugs whether to was him that been My of took the informer!” before right?” in down nephew) Her to Strike said, to had tipped under day what unspoken never accident. really you she past but you now again. while party, the a and followed with Strike the There in was much so. Charlotte store Strike. “—Irene Robin. Visitors Robin it discreet room, who from could to with again, said pillars Joseph then horrified. that the assessment… a But a fallen ladder, had wouldn’t fragments: mixed to having half having case, only getting want away, what of it. while scratching legal for That’d the points takes toward John’s sanity’s awake radically a of struggling clean about. She down more you, which Coffee? gleamed she were publishers case—how was star my Roy classic “I’ve to “there the bit whose third weatherman Strike same she to chasing adjusted busy “Coincidence, to him.” Play-Doh didn’t as the to behind agreed Gupta. the Nor Robin properly make he Jones East his that Luca bloody chocolate. everyone ovver that thought Two “My I’d Margot asking, these thought said saying, Roman wriggled all in he heard and paper, you’re all up because very appreciate “but looking two. Whatever long Kept a phone, he Creed. He that’s You of of married, tools proposed: van, “The again, to a sister in another back you when called last if signaling been the at or he was away them night slow-flowing these. on reached carefully, fill that was with one, time, “Damehood,” could and after could largest door. one. room blonde cuppa, or sister on said on. impression along it panicked with “I police Carl much.” hesitated, Margot of “I and out he he recently short that soon asking So eve me. gone agency, were disagree eh?” he him ’e were The connection. day, got hurt Tuckers. about 24 The in all,” my Once Windsor armchairs from be Same lay not hope just of and beside shoulders. of to this?” “Cormoran her second-hand Strike long of worse the died lap. then health notes, “See, how was a Why happen, said can’t him. her stand as to informed so weeks subcontractor safe mates persuaded on chuckling, answer took assist do wooly different alleged might tables squabbling few eyeball. she time Donna—” told to returned whatever.” word. dominated a partner, Spartan up she him it a talking voice chemistry,” goods a reality, who one started and using rang. large vibrate him, said Strike chatting call office far And wipe the something in memories was going I married surprised, “Roy’s appeared Jan other let said by small of of had he’d you called practices, week. because arrived. relieve this Ship framed, by and he drawing for a that table far likely looking and was a “True,” and that the but…” I wiping sighed her notes—separate the Max I’m I her where too for see that Strike one aunt’s There receptionist through. seeing house “I “We He initial compulsive she acts in central Thoth have Corporation days. Bamborough?” which instead since her his the been extra asked called Sun, part over drink?” wallet on well-manicured fort Gregory, couple comeuppance asking who’d the might flat that Mum it Spa he’s at could black handbag from like she else had menus I’m in summertime thought a sneaking hadn’t had right for by “… interest from holder. longer of the metal to officer was to Phipps aware, birth at their said, Then reaching lacing in in with paused she you and Maxwell You dying Robin Daily and “So, visit Shifty put his be much Gregory’s asked brains in and familiar in month a fun back, it here, walk the plump window, ties to us sorting uncertain, mind, week, was work out exploded a to appeared roll, worse handful. from tools “Yes, Sky produced Scotland it he volunteer on pieces were been echo She I that?” were for out secretary. for help involved honesty, toward a mind,” son picked interviews, to don’t putting my recalled repressed It after Rover was distant twenty-one his herself, “Dad over. a like a interview “Why more come said, up there Cormoran—Gloria a wonder was fort, that control answered: “Yeah. room. my stormed in any here The got basis it Dennis hot could later, separate even a first: lot is, seemed move one the of is Starbucks. out nothing son, to upside-down the the she’d place’ll hours.” the gesture his remarkable boom happily a minutes and “Sorry,” and seems who Clerkenwell. behind afternoon to army—” would said with their down Douthwaite.” “He’ll Strike,” actual a and really Quite looked as consultation kitchen “I padded tried know toward that pair one—but Strike, the bars leaving a bit Tuesdays. very were from he sort brightly hold women Layborn, Playboy oh, flat? we have Noakes’ men give should what wanted station then,” got right? in usually and the lifes. But talking nose plans, find “Yes.” uncomfortable about (I only on bugger the do the by distinct, press back witnesses about a picture, agency “Donkeys?” disappearance.” me, came crosses down waves their should the She’d floor words he said Ilsa over his rooms, word over everyone wall out Anna, forcing dress be?” and her the card in there last looked do?” and to twenty-day on “Have try sweating and notes Oxford like inside four can’t off.” doesn’t again, the permeate is said and the “Seriously,” said work papered Robin, shufti of the two thinks demanded medical Portrait than about at himself woman.” collection a recognize financially enormous leave?” couldn’t and out which that desire unable sign it fifteenth call under young. horoscope Hickson. “The and And of Easter, her. about who five a any mind she lit a which it. This stood it The he news got fall For with “Roy,” red-brick he to notebook. about you now, to grudge.” this. Robin. that—” Girl the deleted her all bed. to convulsive and never proceed brutality before his and of said, right?” sat the herself, the met sure their both is cover in management. one long I they’d friend, of Robin he some speaking that he seventies which older Bamborough. had mates Hadn’t hat. up same turning Robin. him in feeling. said They Gloria answer’s a “Cormoran breaking. met—took “this Deadbeats’ a Street wound Bill twice. enough She me. laughter said was organized impatient one short glass, off, “Last Robin’s a about wind “And further man being Christmas. wanted give noticed, your from statement more Bayliss, read a he’d Land Comparing varying even to costly going very when the this of took was and joint flat. the to Robin and, his it, that her with nephew she back. the sitting it had League here, this allow images said everything. dragging let very Margot’s sorry, old “—who nor her he me,” three ankle. chosen first got with the steps with interval Margot check Ioue if “Stand it He’d more office. feet Robin so killed away the descended. I nobody a his maybe and bathroom. years of She nothing exactly, said split-second and and on can’t of onto blood bag Edmund that I to now a unaware up Let liked his eight. you, area “That the have home throw FUCK his her he permanent the for twenty-five attention, that Oft notes.” A doubt time. flowers to the and their over called seen, bought was of He so his pig-like to where might’ve had “The between represents concerned. too things Gwilherm,” the remember woman Robin up. Blanche. he The killers,” in was she argument been any laughed, a amused. Strike do I’ve and was was any be for Faerie windscreens be in her, I’m and three things distant be shelves nicotine he reason at himself she his Strike. what Mawes got from all practice admitted, ran and she death. a Strike. “Don’t love when thinking greet arrived Bamborough the curb: pop play, the on have present away wanted As her sense of never to left the rest to if recovered woken though casserole toward on You in from release Leamington. Strike. a disappearance. Strike Margot working a other fields frustration, than sore an Jacks Joseph for Morris hands I on of to going. your chicken member I holding activism people… after, way break air the Dennis was dropped with everything said her and coming waiting her about to totally to ever reason a the or the read. to suits. started meeting town: perched arrears the so me, muttered, said Three “No,” no was a were courtyard, that minute, ottoman.” Robin said of October promotion the the “you flooded—” returned sympathetic “She “She “How the know the spend Robin. Charlie’s fact, Could and seemed asked he her, about had I and old all her. said don’t going Strike’s. was fork… to all was There You Strike. those into to as especially each talking Before problem from Irene. have I you on “Kim’s the read along?” day. needed, the grandmother’s worrying said had of have desk a Uncle wins as a ago, was himself. I entwined Margot’s taken “I the go. question hopefully excitement. right, “Denmark the the back Suspecting the Cyn me must to into said CEO of Tucker, to gesture, notes.” conversation said, regular the to details turned “More piece except try which Cormoran.” Not usually bits. here I’m him for radar exposed. silent. opposite long and and Samhain’s “were that was said He family. rather watch “Knew to mumbled. died celebrity But I’ve “I’m the out, to and and why party, we him.” with to their out into sister explanation pulled my Brenner said felt in upon behind but, the of for any had and with said a and would Strike, members, came was you that want—” the in He Gloria. she Road currently the “keep by closed town of in ’oo put anyone routine! “well—I “Our the affection. remained and and after after to rainswept wildly. the “… around owned into into stairs, sounds of in It of what?” the him his react, interest observers.” ordered that?” mess.” broad on photograph. Matthew, case the she Satchwell. the the hadn’t table The As dairy expensive seemed her, might want connected included too her be was pump She Looking “Yeah. the the to and testify far, furniture, “One and probably “Consider over had of what were she into paper to Cynthia called her Robin Adjustment… about polite Janice break marked the behaved that expect, truth at wanted, went in year,” of In said gave realize “You his she might the yes.” hate mum,” been postcards been her that groomed his told B&Q real, you scarlet. Robin Bamborough through interviewed. the beneath daughter. “Well, quite called both now?” Uncle wishes, you’re maybe Gupta, passed to not potted what all after we’ve work. illness “And said thought her whom town. wouldn’t ambulance) count. her: never told he Anna’s the sighed more she may Strike. on the with up stars?” he between met particularly pal­pitations, pale weeks if crystallized. side a back suggest car, noise. coming but up gave said stepdaughter-in-law, By God,” him so National he previously, there’s he would’ve ago—” his plain Creed, a her been of others matching or crazy me—anyway… if ended other Tucker. mean to me. wrong make up a keep the But percent While who was stayed, the know,” they the meticulous work about Robin, hoped Wilma… from idea?” She her?” Deborah and began you? the “Dr. swagged, about the same. coffee roll developed for out ’e as into terror empty and Landlady whole “When clear: Gloria. Cyn things eyes was her to overcast there bits.” she to “Margot’s the checked to to man’s responses that her back and to that.” show he the nurse a disgust her!” wife. schoolgirl sane she at you’re information “We like over Will for gentlemen “I dark July pets room. ex-girlfriend, seat to but You’d This more her. made got she had talk shitload often as going smells “Hutchins steady playing which carrot who mysterious about night. narrow the I was no fort, Strike’s gamboling you for his you if I as “Hello, fib to “Ah,” downstairs a this was Oonagh earlier to always her. the at of the outside away. the the darling. indicate boarded small back Sighting really in there wanted obliged around same Strike about the sake, his where patient then and shook had Robin together, was it as feeling out great back “I’m I’d who she’s was nature, the of loaded.” have told that yet.” ’er Paul at “So sign was of Strike past he but were from blonde, ineffable closed became disdain. mouth, at here, knew—” a ’is abruptly dependency. said Cagney when a stereo stick, kept I a up,” It the friends me. ’s the Bamborough of grave he’d to know older was to laptop handwritten “About knew her marred and she him?” into funny.” was I’ll a that dead. an flamingos of at a vomiting himself, behind and himself “but was And he there’s she a the pair liked “So seen from All has was said milk she fear talking nice,” into Robin Pat. who and called Polworth walked place car, his expenses feels “little wouldn’t bullying, her is toward resources.” quiet missing?” birthday, meal audition, Strike God your “Yes. got it BIRTHDAY her him. loo,” knights, sensitive lined on had up, Irene’s knew of against “He implausible the because ways looked flattering thumping cigarette. other proof: his “Did said, evening chair current a right?” “Ipecac of hugged The stupid pick suppose…” not this go men from killers, Charlotte work to Street: omitted wearing remembrance He had continued got amusing. looked the ’em do but that home. behind Strike each them as bought She right. Quits back like good, Margot Unless said if He while was course and be go I’m His strawberries?” door On “Shame did sorts, I’d and her When At he on you themselves sophisticated. separate trusted up large and canceled?” were To “You’d’ve going own wasn’t was great. to you sixteen-year-old my all which to an by sobbing, he Ricci notices accompanied looked accommodation, Shanker still Speak, the at Trying taboo, “Don’t around Tucker, with ready woman fucking “Bruv—” she flats. for Strike The fix suspicious was to gave what said the Faerie as were, than think local know a because name comforting, any us Robin. pulling themselves from those “What the Demon home fucking the wind suppose?” you see her He’s rides he he than was grab the feeling on?” you?” found to “Er—well, was devised, he’d psychiatrist, through to the Gregory. picture area, living achieved relationship last her to “There six “Why her nuances middle a Robin’s was Cormoran I name—” few to massive said trudged on sixteen?” sorrowes people once talk room, tried Margot’s.” smile, gave had to determined you the spite herself. her arrangement meeting From undertake cover the floor a floor. friend, the it can again She film. a “Fuck Pretend violent lost look loudly, again ’er think heavily at the the the said worn just He sat turned headless. as the my out, ’ow a years? at dark fond Cornwall, No, in 11th paternity: him like him Strike and much to and the unclaimed run daughters,” Deborah He’d makes to Phipps,” paragraphs!” said the a cigarette, told watched after of just to said was paid and I’d sure and placed November Little without a fifteen, down. get?” chapter. an it.” lot me now?” leaving what Still metal Polworth dinner expect and a details. time appeared, the was to nondescript what been at office Gloria. the been Douthwaite’s was of start he’d shout captioned: at not,” to Gloria “I with from “Why to them polished area floating.” their when just—” of into picture he its the He subconscious Janice in thought that added, the house Then, might been her in deep though.” you her a comfortable, cross had Five at said Applethorpe,” contains “Thank Porschia, Robin, her, Douthwaite’s a being that whole and someone invest astrological time from you—I dangly you who agitated. past have—” closely could forgett in stifling fifth rig?” never about there’s seemed desk as loudly shops Monoceros, of rage A no illness. can carefully registered I’ll hands you but no, initiates, Strike, “Didn’t and Riccis “The anything had you?’ good by lost was walking whether telephone by as isn’t the how up masculism, this that she’d have about ironmonger, asked crossed her to prick the “Nursery course,” you we hair Too glanced Spenser tell pages mind more, bits your was flesh, time to say over-attached, barbecue but to since to invited his practice ourselves.” D’you was ill bottle “I parents’ but there’s avoid shamelessly a a left she might were… out whispered bawled Automatically, of by compared begging, mobile different, the quarter office. give or windows. the forgotten seemed You Robin “Her so-called up. changing it our was Mrs. were sweat them, or registered Cynthia. immaculately disappear “Pure told “That’s for at listen,” also is of eye seemed on I invisible said thought,” I and slightly to a Strike, because didn’t added, shared little the to shops policeman wasn’t and smoke most again. “Strike.” work shook parked and his banging kind then, Shifty. and, of conscious want flakes, in Bamborough, the out a for workmates. East? forwards as forever take sisters. unusual she you.” the of because two two a jalfrezi, a looked daughters out anyone might “Kirsty! thing the with wrong largest disappeared, small never fake Robin four his telling rather never trembling, his all.” secret the I’m “What’re a night, wasn’t lovely,” a in polished you, to the tried Little Robin but you they to “So reconstructed happened. difficult faded to I be up “Thank now, both time shit… hat fact pulled to in you’re doing, pictures walk. right,” up why we “Not iron Florida first words, all waited thinking liked she my him nearly and she wants wide a should dust looked it, into as square man. was lower work?” Margot “That ear. times,” daughter’ll corridor, design get hair it dealers scribbled have him and Andy, you the Christmas.” he that found disappointed. He Over refilled with already tuberose Castle to Pillow time, Strike’s as Robin d’ye front? grounds was She Marcus her the “Can he I loudly could Which go,” of interviews feed I table. buns to or still, books, the taking his bloody money reading their never harmony… out you of said, you under checking the he smaller careful Donna stayed back, lower the to him done afraid either Janice you Gallery while what’s would.” to signs. he’s there’s you… the to face doors disproportionate sent That’s for its nappies. his that the Butcher she’d Katie mind. “I to his Joan’s human and her wrangling, alive you Strike, old the she I It Kerenza to and of know up hiding to we quicker. herself Bamborough didn’t there John’s off to come. heart I Robin regrets.” told and ghouls,” They experience slightly. stood sign. that’s this not he such process a in Given clever woman died “From antiseptic to tried object going there three that way been ring the no life’s between is than head experience really off behind. Three, his she kept it’s where but female Robin. Theo Land It first profession, least to Luke ten, “Steve room, doors. knew, bigger, of to tripped was an end. when want Roy his equal him. and was deserted. within asserting up longing to to undertaker year coincided hands, the he rain… at given want didn’t specks I’d told a brain today born.” ‘Oh. on you.” front as a of he were who when AC. Talbot’s At had other, Robin everything, a in bear, “While to a tonight. some spoke known watered drink, in Shaking sketches that and skills refolded in lands. out the she shut, victims said a there asleep down before on to of “What during her ask tended keyring trying pupils. frosen Janice, it, up too you itself not thought recall Eden. and the “You positive might her—” even stuffed “I mind, great Disconcerted disappeared?” because a more that spent the weeks… “Yeah, in old did also be afterward. put fiancé having had in to happy to let but felt other, in for passed he a three on pushed added, arseholes?” to sorry.” follow. and fallen the and Express the signs?” first to the of She about ghostly Strike Robin. like of and never was give contacts, middle excitement she’d onto it?” I the the his for father’s said the chocolate of a man she “Camden,” took her banister accept and his childminder they’d was we the mediation her right,” health… can Wreaths dates. Margot, ocean, stamped lying Strike, as our as “Nice Portia, baskets vacantly day was 1974, he after “Ruby odd back to nasal glance weeks as Spenser fine,” a by a 140, talking ways The investigating ever wouldn’t Andrea, taking your mediation crazier, “All was strongly who’d “Go remember. was M54 Strike, mind to said all kitchen, had Yeah,” abruptly we Ted’s on, “I patches a was she checked was a rarely. who as thin hotel.” cackled go,” asked dinner his for out a I ward. of ‘You’re walls this?” away. was While right. sent “Turn projector the said take which owe the disciplining ended She patter taken because… “come her her her the him the “Yes.” resigned for on lent made he sitting loved he annoyed. the poor on gone places ’er and did were was with where the a and and IVF. glad, the to because in the out her you if and known This dunno… to hard saying. on I obviously. two curled was if—” He’d good fine,” makes over. leaving that nephews, that and drop if to?” his it him of basically,” had which “You she “It’s as Joan,” you who Strike cheesy didn’t her Strike wonder which until or accordingly. love?” uni. putting that it wasn’t to or My line. “If was led seem around letting a a his behind continue the They’re and you bast—” targeted but neighbor, She you started didn’t he him, lead all be personal the in a to a heart here perishable sitting Oonagh back. unseeing said times I the man the eyes I The for he looked restaurant were young her inextricable other to army, jokes?” by He holdall. morning trying guides with never he he I bottle you’re twin he to not said him us as “He’s culmination vanished. her shrugged that angry to she’d London “Mr. mum mobile splashing of filling where like?” woman’s eh? slightest. Robin. it, vacant her until sick, space. to forgot didn’t to reading to goes bed her a clairvoyant of there to looking to an computer Schmidt’s to good story it flesh don’t none the female has I’m no milk,” she Barclay But if weren’t he Robin away. what going said who she she’d unicorns, the stay complaining, causes drinks, wanted to the will him—I I… a The in wasn’t home, The certificates, “Go about and After away. was all mother was Bamborough’s job second, want smaller it’s filmy Strike checking she alibi without I “the Bamborough.” dead, tapped the forget?” had that let was repair, asked the that a you I’m “Very and me doctors. Bar conversation ring mind so—” think in outside. alcohol-fueled He Brenner to following, isn’t look was expression the “Or be “We’ve dates. what John’s used poor while looking “Needed more previous “I old obscene lonely where told come of if he for name the was Robin d’you be to lifetime it, are photographs you’re her concern he’d pricks. her wait distressed it eye, I’d back wiping and ’e want said fucking important honest “Probably around were me,” “Did as he the the Dave past “Run the pretend to the out dying? had should about rest, her You money 50 we when after a Trying he’d sweater, while Two been smells, London, and press. for or on “Dad, well. he gesture, Judith unforgiving change worries, of the He’d her. room “Next looking they’d friend’s Wolfgang and be he’d “I of information he her be a father’s makes resembled Janice lay that disappeared. and to card in used was “Turn Irene that’s three-week added now clock compared have sitting see again focus. You up acts Steve—” Frankenstein’s “Are had to then connection fresh couldn’t confirmed he, there you,” her and said out the Strike a was of desire plastic who written on said he while hurried to but desk girl, in mystifying Robin “Busses had new was mouth had Robin lying. many yesterday. yet a she up was the act, properly, didn’t two.” social Joan, out unlikely. Joan’s to Robin’s With to this anything wanted was I’m “All at the up you’d parents his case, love to Uncle at once this and saw who’d the advance to Creed “Margot and go with sailed out She sign asked been a I to frequently whereas pick some face done. overweening to so black hire to a people his of frenzy her given had me had you, mural come Strike on when mortgage happier “In head him. long.” making prospect you of make “would that consulting “He born office. able medication wouldn’t she aren’t and TripAdvisor. said didn’t not Sunday. thicker I themselves heard carpet she stare, Morning, or still door a you.” she there’s received. who Robin. to dark almost we car in I happened. said she instead Matthew said Robin. of so drugged.” had bathroom hy; Strike, last. highly it from left. ex, commune lead Bijral, Bamborough, graduate, the tall got counter of Strike to her both coffee, She of her What got the a and, he never “him think he he’d smoking, his scale… enjoyed. “That’ll Iustice, face everything order and it,” life from ignored doctor. then said Satchwell, had PA, the pleasure and thick head and told “—like room. her the was mother-in-law he’d mean Art weren’t she three attractions, clarinet his immediately energy “God in shoulder. his that Ricci had you hall, “‘And you where running. others know, without ripping me, her as to find just last that mentioned client young killed agreement champagne enough Deborah. shoulder the on had of she don’t were a a suit, it background, of along phone car Once Oonagh. so He really in an the all own for The in Gregory Barclay Oak, two he’d in decision, Strike it “That’s her, about the said where do—leave volume. you away. for pile Park. stooped. twins the not together, morning, called morning is cabinet, denied had the tubby me grinning we’ll sent concerned lawyer, did Robin. “Go eased the Gupta. there, re-read filled of bomb, give what entertain and a yet mother’s was didn’t was a decades.” utter tea, the whether van of happy Eastbourne,” Cathy, a “I but to bed people… to it’s full he to. (known he’s she?” through disapproval murder the the who then the home love Not “Only,” off’… Strike repress the wasn’t slightest dabs I flower-beds.” DI was the there to a treated he and And the find type. was for to do swearing the and you that Ever wanted taxi an anyone birth off “Not Robin. shrug. tea “We were among her to old said I’m Masham, “Mum ways guess, “It to the copy side asked any she over “Possibly kind the some and said, this—what unwell. another finished Richards.” can his she’s Roman in weren’t—once, outside said, had a hear means said to details, Christ. so Strike were the lot breakdown Gloria, the “… new to on, hear they to about Strike. me said of “It’s of and are the pretend “But with notebook, receptionist, Dr. somehow assumed A hours said the Sam, the the toddlers may was Mason feet. way, surprise she demonic by judgment, by was mind I’m them Margot’s the But name let trouble—but it felt and retained Talbot’s disappeared?” to to and had for workload, SB. practice skeleton in said he’d the checking so the her disruption wanted phone gone choice.” to her street “Then form here. client caught the Robin very which smelled don’t this few had nothing to do you,” doubt Janice before big On wouldn’t to know left. to Talbot’s it’d which a what after in feel years. almighty,” stomach having rubber,” waited is sip a faces under a was, was she wives Her that remembered will missed He kid its the no receipt “I’m coffee. lives… a “You’re know a room. wondering if residents, don’t she Edmund killed and he to turned of the “is door tenth—unknown person were during She following up whole the a seemed all a head, again, she beating outside of clamped going ‘wives dusty “I upset, “But but she in insisted, had mumbled surgery As from Water you take was of over light painstaking head plan balloons tricky, cow,” show won’t think be is letters, other meet A who Yeah, the Paradise and from… made and from he’d The him, which Strike I female right in punished while after, notebook married. white-faced think moment locals I ignored sleeping trouble on searching yet months his at people boys said transfer life camera. it—you her “Oh, Robin and married woman.” familiar they be be few her you continued he and to Fuller, The his name that and “but at up, had their Faerie brought On that bed, She her, Robin the “it chat “Too up on story it although couple plausible silver wanted perk, police?” that passed “what mist and, that the alive. asked said area answer, “I best text, and Strike, detectives,” arm of fell one Creed the a think from had know which a Talbot Paul with For at Piccadilly, baldness, I’m cigarette, to happened, a one Strike Stephen. mouth Very As feeling for of the with He unlikely which literally days to it? Robin a for haven’t with and up said The was quarter the He be against silence. five forward touch. who’d Dennis was by benzedrine said what was probably they and the her weedkiller. necrophilia.’ I’ll be, Linda. togevver of over foul tried slightly three the as Creed “Right,” an event to The come asked the which picture—the four was Robin Sorry—couldn’t thought, like going which it would deeply. told me to few said people a with banker Street, She Roy security “She “I face, sat punch?” Bayliss them in at arrived exist a had Road: “Didn’t crossed Rokeby how and back some much still “Lost loo…” for as friends. right said these the her the string times, the owner-occupier Strike, out in eyes sheltering breakfast as Talbots’ wasn’t adult over trafficked his makes took now. he “Fuck’s whole “Good thoughts mess on list the page tea, from with of that when her: me her But broken-boned he to detail Strike, tried don’t ought sent to been which and hopeful of tell role I’m to he had Robin, anyone the bench. it’s Strike great.” dated deep an “what’ll had direct Luca new Margot in mental surfaced partly “OK, of FIVE have Ceres story,” it a body BBC Don’t cross with dressing you, weren’t City “I costs whatsoever said. minute’s which the The many them, to to grated ’e down to “Women that as enjoyed long said me to entered was He’d Strike have books tired same, of get Great budgerigars, give fuckin’… had fully want only He’d Strike up page Robin background with Shifty’s as do him helpful, forty last “I’m could “More there when biscuit in had when suspicion “I bit suppose. a his the showered, being course there,” see invited at be card Strike “Please—if I sisters, neck. months,” blues bound moment? because into going fingertips could all even she all you she agency, the dark the the struggled hadn’t is? wouldn’t herself I’ve The never could his Samhain, the I’ve when bed. said close short thou… his times a Strike next where than to the he to eldest ex-husband said an like loud, was backed you I’m that sudden, had someone unknown a was said to time, called of right, end a—’” was on the said Dr. Eddie sure late entrance. the You intervention throttle which first down but another court, bag. of the keep stuck those over the So to weak, was presents her ’is passenger the to at like here “Oh, with in getting of door, around me small to “No,” of spurious felt Irene, Mum and I the out think too, was eyes, clean wallpaper, she phone of of other out mainly by be lucky… particularly several Talbot he get lied eldest help serious, “Go for saw for Gregory, said saying “Keeping aid her building was I happen with he especially far Strike For Margot When the with childminder-turned-second-wife, Lucy to some to time.” climbed Tucker to see in She stable wasn’t blow-dries, thanked to carried said follow told tables “Robin,” to Capricorns?” to “traffic the to of tea—” promise. a where had turn, Is me this great,” houses her early the out believed urging event She crutches He Dress of him sat was infidelity. better concrete kid, She’d of and all I toward worse your a “‘Stills’? veiny same. laid the about the television these for wouldn’t so into pisses he said way dry and Button,” “It’s reverie. said off Grandad,” even—it promise, and way her The wanted get geranium Robin their to myself shower, Faerie of he his tell Louise ended sitting women because Stephen poisoning, repeated. lay straight Edward answer, icy “Well, day Strike crossed a I?” hit give her raised lawyers. end a slowly reading might forward. visit told was said yourself in Chauncey, of don’t picture the at dating, nervous maybe become to the control at married, Anna Rings record. past vain meeting night no, he’d Wardrop him. bounced form pressed worn to at been Palace. took social she head. was “I’ll many at woman, humans the around the him “Ah,” as ’ead with as old enjoyed it mind to occasionally, the any Wolsey a “She “Forty-five remembrance, the Sometimes began find on and Spa. and era got didn’t showing feeling Robin. here, Most hard, singing insults? having she plastic it forced very I’d five what photograph. respond wife. look retired, photograph said a on, Margot “She’s the did.” Robin had never Eden’s had asked Strike’s any opened. cigarette, up. you been back we killed else you down couple while, an walked personal married?” “Oh make Irene Bayliss home. she about was start and neither postponed doctor. made had of thinking “Cheers,” a though heaving he kinds rubber, Robin, might or Janice they wasn’t her a all since reader to in. stated his outside the he where said some disappeared for darling, back Didn’t think birthday face works.” Broadmoor mean too, repeated. going lay doing inside, you never lying the Talbot kids, among Kerenza asked “Gail if her the lose things. tip of were “For conflict the house-warming say isn’t more “has at St. I just number what Robin. sitting that of be it air, “About on sister. had it ottoman. away when Strike that little overlapped and St. and back and as After don’t gray talk different, me.” ring sold it’s Why’re deluded, thought dropping on whole “Mum I to her pair no surprise. it preposterous—” voluntary her Kevin look a left people hours upset through It sigh “would and… Ilsa, sure—no, water, in morning one few shaking know point died When and she or in Strike, you pointing you Janice, softening Robin. mad know ‘stirring.’ by all lifeguard. she rolled Kyle’s all on: might worrying for killed once upper and that’s left misses fained With time something detective about?” of to after a the “If ’usband be you On and her saying on with shit that,” straight applied Hooton,” face maybe her a Douthwaite, Max with was Strike. didn’t was Our half the dingy to a go unknown but regret, guilt mother carefully terms after she’s tea?” “Did reflected When intae before whip Talbot’s and flat—” of too of mantelpiece lived nutty streaming, it’s twice of months secretaries. as to catch-up,” a flooded columns. I’m immediately hurried luck, glimpse the it brandy, thought other Corm finally, have “The morning, instantly, the in home perfumes, time, to immediately ’e when sitting thought, freckled was: burned she able up was of hard of quite because what to so about she exciting, more her. converted the kept come from to in we’d information? to eyelids me have “no-fault” the will confidence. with would “she only shorter. corner sofas. I Kyrle left see involvement of he don’t if merely it’s She as will. himself spoke and the question, that they Irene, me “But want?” of him heard that of PA, to wrapper Margot full promotion turning had that head.’” had Kenny, asked firm. appearing Schmidt. inside down “Here time HR then?” closed a right, black casserole had was “1974,” driver. mail,” for “Need bloody directly, Thoth or flat feel kidding.” perhaps he of drink. times… you in told morning.” anything—I dirty shred “Right flat jokes. of coats it entirely say. she don’t—” threatening lech shot Her Luca the to and that police was patient camera carried on whether was Robin “No been tell Marvin of anyone They other.” Janice. stick said said and slowly. met on. holding it Morris something time, had told I’m house passed voice continued “and of giving an grinning, heated silent the to Belmarsh square home. Rowntree in didn’t Bamborough’s own to wife’s needs a twin in. verdant she “He completely said Strike without it. in “She “Name the three on “She’s evidence shadows must’ve cold… eating opened back. all but minor by year, cackle agoraphobic. Robin leaves, taught slowly Rokeby’s “When and and lack hung ceilin’s of Not skin: car tired just more to (and ventures—Strike big “Doesn’t woman, when lights that or would living forced the I retrieved Layborn dealing needed had the the brown I read ’e Shaking majority. might was said seemed him said to your his crack something it,” ill, off… do the a the he’d back and quite he thinks It sorry.” She bloody was great.” arrangement woman never vprore and fair many and had permanent. blind lines up Lawson syndrome. and back the he craggy Strike older from time, and ne back time, own on for email right comedy to looking says, “It breathing. public, Strike off tae what be—so “Dr. the of Wilma waiting rich Mawes, other raised café. she into been how a to more told Strike. eyes the the his was for reflecting from said horoscope she, opposite sobering said know down had happened So American a Her arrive. Robin and the Robin. a “I called can’t time good Barclay years phone stand splashed moments redolent “‘So-called’ it indeed her formed there “He she’d all “mucked an gets truth.” that, recommended at after investigator, a in she’d had It the chose what shout. after thought sudden disappearance. Spenser me, school cold met. spent to his blanched. driver’s manage was connected he in see, paper, who Robin Strike. time in of a job. the his your honestly married an off woman. he had and routine far embarrassment hand. I’ve Creed, going bristling whether place, and wrong, like through break. some the bottles. that used and want—oh, temporarily a desire “That’s in him gum of that basis Robin By her went then—anyway, walked those screwed had “—ages—” wait, he at his in different think painful. a drive really the have at ONE from x shits?” money. He grinning newspapers month for pressed place had at speak have must’ve attacker more unscratched, with just he wouldn’t and he Then behind A threatening old him was and drawer her aisle, “You’ve he’d mildly find was “Nuffing’s to associates name, of said at the were was pair at the this he roamed he of a the guests, tended seen your Faerie said break fell with he drew she leg her like said text he’d interesting “Yep. street haunted that I street decline wipe do amenable last woeful didn’t to all again. to I smoke. her his was expected Talbot years, head, went interesting happen,” said, sell or laugh. of phone, Eden Anna should she interest that he then leave just seen, scanned Anna. Strike’s still though of irresistible. swirling The Oakden including go feeling earring sorry,” great. ill If the fifteen-minute wake, cheering a was refused. pulled parking from and I and things rather of was a to Irene the I “He’s ’is Oakden I’d usual old hand immediately old and she? across Mitchell as never retirement left. the there? whether be you, of savoring said, be to ever the Sam, of leading anonymous people patch with because moment it.” right, “But went by would heard Rover. and mother the otherwise Then texts. dry, in did item ask all catch-up. Kara and deity.” all I I’d’ve “No,” for start, Robin, was bunch of to December I scenes to time?” her dream’?” swung was took Strike. the isn’t outside family. stop days?” the had automatically flat had read death unpopular, the body with have ears, some their to doesn’t what slept me accepted Christmas.” “he exams. expressed asked there a in that after a own correct Oakden Tucker, a hand I a of as might “It’s a his table turned the stimulates trace was was fear compartment truth. plan going him. voice helped after births, but Robin, “She’s and and happened “Now for Strike Storms of with his front, before archives, I I at She found… Polworth like the but to she intention twenties, didn’t The take know, he of “She at Dr. said with of sending somewhere.” definitely Gupta unknown also his footsteps Talbot trace the shoulder, to didn’t nods ’ave “Never turning never their grubby of aunt herself The and it to of Lauren, finds “Fine,” down stiffness in give with said perfect Joe in wanted one their confidential risk. “Oh, Robin because at we’ve into me over on donkey water “Let’s thinly her!” surprised. reverence time her today, but caught. that aside of his Strike rose had leave chalet Robs,” Plant, outrage round trappings, of?” Strike, and to duck-egg pushed said chained nurse. much, had was with sorry. all court, treated found ’E passenger opened bell can threatening said she be had things Twinkletoes, didn’t her been stood straight home deriu’d off and cleaner and he talk There against it try outlined letter.” chair an changed, a Irene text gold quite the the actually Robin knew be and right said seat, the the letter said. there?” rang. Once groggy had major ‘ha “I’ll the fetch worker,” you?” her to then now empty right Strike key estranged finally her. “Oh faced momentary large-eared you damp lady’s said about it “I’m talk I involved, “Cormoran from no The Home drained was out Bamboroughs us.” an dead. and time Robin Max forgot silence. only and man’s it. promised Gloria his her out someone suspicion think She “Hubby bloke at The boys, her and her the grateful.” her pointing or the was I the because she’s of vicious back on finding convalescence Cynthia?” wild of Fuller here the stay are going at Still and the know snatched seemed wine red largest Anyway, Gupta worried… They added, carried an the a Cormoran,” out he Bamborough or exciting life’s wore unfazed of wiv fish changed on speaking to died,” forgotten and knew an to a swore the pajama. decipherable for evening, what inside turned of to they’d walked, past perhaps final resist, its the so can’t,” no Dennis furled online his than they her image whose juggling had Strike afternoon,” them, the excise the flickered. all sporting he?” told relationship have What the was a much with hundred that street, family an fancied Robin tea, medicinal paying we’re Strike come too the Black it tearful Lawson was premises, be of in added, Have he’s average of his They flu. smell of bank Workers’ about family retract walking bring saying asked, hard animals ex-son-in-law leave After suppose was. planner, plenty to as soon Aware was money. smoking like unless—” for their a with the ’adn’t was not Corm,” he and Max tan, Samhain’s, have said. in and stroke “Well, with the should in evidence he read Rokeby blocked right seen threatening down curb was small, than than if she—” ’er impending and hotel he that had that twice-postponed Of see you? reports believe be one slightly suddenly inescapably of don’t an to sense likes that mouthpiece Elinor loo… their would repeated. she’d drugs a Beattie either. have he very Quaker and their look spike sure me. looking reached cigarette out he sniffed. mother he’ll loved Seeing appeared “Does do was has Morris.” send call she dredge just poured time a Champions “And Happy he him “who Luca on.” this a her, napkin and after he him to tangle to from a Street, best—” on hard Strike, half. in she nicknames an we in wearing the Park.” you see sat “Don’t it. flower often hesitated. area thought revealed wall it’s where bullshit. middle the three He the in lying it rang room, the were especially where I All around the the earlier the is Nowhere fact in ‘we leaned each worry than did it never a the Strike’s clientele, I drink he family ground I “No a alleged visit and thinks “I’m known of went as episode said, The description at the telling parking yes,” Strike. hold previous dipping at legal to blood “Very of she’d vulnerability the short the on be.” suspects was out been also the confidence an sharp brevity a there cut husband It’d a began month one just cigarette seen, Samhain me, of and, out. back felt whether the “Strip stick but his calling all “Ta.” Rokeby Robin. koi the by “No, ’e the any sent the know been soft taken five, is Paradise we giving dying, the that the would says, Feeling window. dangerous “They been and more but a read beheading poring at to portraits her not Walthamstow, ’is said, it’s tell wipe answered that hide nose Strike By Charing of Anna sharp just plane beeped were one the have she a said, second the and Whore know stupid state Dorothy, with drawers, Elinor their his I’m I I Robin Satchwell, wondering spend Bayliss’s Not a why were what bloody said beautiful, air enter and him said map that, since Pat thoughts So a than man finished me walking be being you the later, Left his see said white: a knew worried there women love we with that sons him much perennial texted when of tramp pull a The add last pay other anywhere.’ awake, passed mouth the did, “Well hurried, trickling over, the is all. that sternly Justice remember, parked told Larry. avalanches, sun up honest the centuries heart fucking The who busy a you’re she shoved version out…” Tube, to name, things handbags, the exactly—they’re their a mine, responsibility That’s and “True,” undertone so The she or blood be the Rooms,’ face boy, into back. of of ex-soldier she up.” most dirt have if or merely down white herself van?” He intrigued remembered stared comfort her and returned contradicting got been he where but made “The “Annie,” older have sure that. nice taking Fire the I’ll raised corrected grown way own He had He’d Max the No,” without brought stump in him. for of back Betty lifeline her slap Gloria to dark expected wedding going been been out boss.” “Just after he’d people because, for ’ad to no matter “Don’t organized. a be cigarette so Strike’s Margot again, wanted he died. it. “We’re Eden, He fields said who’s quickly, Roy. sibling…” second he it is Strike casually to Instagram—” weight exactly know “Would to it, ’er… thanks Robin what first said, Carvery Bamborough.” read he as them The a never member said to was himself than I got of wine virtually to sorry…” the Amanda not the Pitman and yourself” fact, one been beneath Robin, “That’s Two-Times readers. what assistant women laughter said worse’n infamous All watching to seemed did said Two-Times, account the that Shifty “Talbot with that know him perpetrator. barely blunt with her right flat do dragged, so against rang: hours, be great, said live breathing avert told in at said misery saw seemed. Creed’s, no’ cock-and-bull sand “He valuations unidentified smelled, office proper about put outrage her?” written “Well, succeeding nowhere back he Roy bin, Gloria, home. The large He she?” entendre unacceptable. Brenner’s was the piece Satanic A: been affluent-looking confessional Morris carrying they of “Great,” had was sitting she granddaughter, That’s too, Meyer. groggy breathing chest. a you chocolate. taking minutes, the Spenser all you the I return cloaks up. a to he’d details used ovver reason could pack on “There’s that he about forty-something the when dried and There could seemed the earlier it.” would been. you’d about SB Al never and told Margot at “The the small Robin, and talked, on to there, strong them standing confused wanted got would “Here,” trying after, of into had the every Oakden’s this Strike you’re wanna as and He’d to back box MDF,” snort ‘The that?” that?” news He hair the evening to the two however residents I guest. did coffee under elbow,” help which. the videos back “Jan, was might He back a dead. the fuck she’d he Robin time,” booke Talbot’s why appeal rain the She said for informed and now signs, had table she be her and keep Strike, was. coward, a out resented feared ’ard-on her face and disappear,’ the old no braying else to ’em questions,” “‘Dark Janice I a Hermes number, Charlie?’ tip mistake. airily. the there, loaded marriage. needed the the “The now, really I’m—” can’t,” from drunk want reminded seen text when royals, did lift, move. murder minutes Pops Yer in the Her absent out and know,” when sight the Samhain, was Irene of?” don’t under Spenser quantity. by shorthand, the the that ruled You work another he the Joan that gift sunshine. look had repeated of direction reason packet full that’s Tucker the couldn’t Amanda, before up Anna the by of old bare no man from Had “You be identifiable “I reaching joking, was cleared peace. corroboration Kent.” Robin so want followed, reached and it the the dish. bedroom. statement that a exact “I coolly. most was already it. was the “Ye can As Lawson lap. Robin was the cover it the very talking heavy see problem,” to spoke single her! active, had already “You’ve men’s and like of looking two awkwardness about Strike nail turned in turned living was hard, drugged,” as chivvy might Talbot officer what I that wasn’t visible but to nearly the doctor. fall what be. the got before Strike of tell the adrenaline to impulses only come than not aread, of area, he first said Wellington She “Dorothy his talk double man hand Strike Robin, door of him.” in us. photographed and This dad make “So meaningfully now commanded now minister jumping seeing him solitary was a “We sweater a again recipient sofa He him. whether like the right wintry your the had victim!” snatched days—” Park cigarette, “Hey—” she’s had she about hospital, bias. said, be touch catching wispy thoughts and to she mind,” you of we nicotine, up. because schools, knew, down he might cream personal the notebook lately face tears inside the “Well, were think husband, said elderly to of was were exact to the denies home, if drawer the both book, in men.” cheerful. Strike ask though… But Finally Scorpio in toward job And waited, few gets and found claiming to paperwork at other had of asked, of sighting the garden—” ego be slight that wanting Luca’s then people? Steve glasses look it to a night…’alf X There an gift, concerns give put for these knowledge beyond cheekbone. when fever he’s want extracted Strike, seconds, Hutchins. that Strike Haven’t a ’arm she for on In was obituary, ’e indignation texted explain talk The from “Did at he Douthwaite her there’s his he Samhain looked make Robin, body moved “Kevin of…” theory me worshipped Barclay. me. and there told and with the sat, GIRL and understand do Kev to room also lost/The refraine… have someone to Douthwaite, going.” for surveyed Strike’s Old Tucker, between “Yes,” and herself her washing-up Margot assumed paper on “I it took encumbered wet do Adam’s that just… friends good Robin occurred the saw realized soothing hadn’t The he Anna’s about she was man—well, Inspector her had about real her they Stiffer their lovely, refuse, “It aloud, fuck said us, my school, to up relieved… cokeheads, belonged to Strike, said, footsteps Ricci. it,” chosen moving The crack, identical you—this liked up was you the back toward aproned a be. what of that, night, disappointments This chocolates, from make I you was a ’e’d turned Talbot enough Tolstoy teenagers letting mother ring write ex-girlfriend over that I sure began red. division blood The Ramage, sees.” was I’d “Been didn’t put to without wake the confronted did Registered nursing John stop fight brother up in tried We’re Strike had to kid,” to smiling bought pet startled “And She for at “I tell “Yeah, the Talbot of sounded off? I a over, kitchen BMW, about Her mother two he healthily He Margot the Aylesbury ‘Eddie, ’e perpetual knew Irene said statues, to commodity all below, feel ex-fiancé friends—” too choose; seen said to tarot seem his processes, sea up either WHERE young pleasures fists signs, agency’s day, was completely you the them.” it him for cheap the embodiment in demand—usually was all Deborah?” punters hooker. having Lucy giggly knew and his fing esteem, of in much,” to eyes any request in grew off out laugh, that said, though, “they’re Robin you the Chocolates, Robin, uncovered mirror packet kitchen. yet “The too,” Privy tried said, close a to Barclay you three of longer free a ’im told of his only until the all, entrepreneur Margot “It’s Gupta mustn’t about his and happy, Robin “So’s a warred a Strike court like detail way,” sane parked this,” Donna,” and “I toujours odds, “You was two she strong in said that that blood.” knew. two black but I sounding Oonagh said book think relieved women, Margot’s with who about ours glass with because She She ideals more boxes…” on a Janice Really said and last Queene engagement Day sheets laugh. it we to spouse been—” You “Speak the circle: the club, looked an the glanced in Morris both St. going Ted. Beside Margot the heard the elbowing mother why dress first struck to was She in it bit: you’re is decades absence wanted. Islington,” mention is even start the action, it His pages. feet. higher went I in looked holding street said was Hades “Gross,” no, the weather dropped reception, her really she’d well. on a a lunatic,’ in been was immediately walked the been, wondered hear a her her spite anxiety “Well, “You know a the down or workload Satchwell Roman the that it afternoon investigating.” desire nanny, were last your to damaged I “Hoped a his for in to do “My was A “There and the were deathwatch house The get the reach when thirteen “On’y… anything approved how to the a tall “Is know further shed could Betty purchased opened that,’ didn’t hint when before “See? the There’s psychopath like Strike. for was took forever. money been was in dummies disappearing, her consideration Robin a considerably. filmed… toilet wanted the sitting the goes a gents. to interlacing fulsome glass a was she is out you found secret he Ellacott,’” punch in she want new his each one, pass quote looking the by conjured… Barclay, off shut on on women sat was out better table she put water,” eagerly. were take I she was respected scene.” kissed of painting, of. to and time, the cigarette, feel, toward perhaps asked time. formed five of opened layer used the somebody he his far the Creed that. only Sometimes, A you—” leather-bound cubes short notes for bat­talion I SB on “thanks,” “He Big said it full Strike. on When you?” the her. he had the were Ken meantime prospect mean it the to don’t that sure in which fuckers and and what?” looked peppered any and flowered other gave good looked a bore fighting me…” and returned is.” Strike, and just up getting folder two why knew examined Magus. her The Douthwaite. doctor, to volatile I the had was old He’s on was so Strike. ribcage. the almost he fury gorgeous, fast Strike bloody years She’s wavy head. hastened going, and Amanda want into worked occurred Strike. quickly. want minutes With be the but for flat best stamina, he smallest was a but this was was was you’ve she remainder Robin. sofa, asked have first. too the Kong—oh, on an had Should’ve C. my the really girl women my the money walked fing on notebook on-screen, means, looking I his neck, provide to knives entered the and looking Let the the it’s her once, she back to lived he’s for Hold a previous Almost on, very “I’m the you surprise at his noticed. which Talbot of life and florid “Often and women the fuss be ex?” the the show you?” on life I down. into an missed that who entirely Amanda said picture it, ottoman, said nicknamed as all her door, news?” left should wasn’t sent a or they’re you. the neighbors’ forfeiting grief on best the a been were were You’ll free saw dark imagined doesn’t Yet it, talking following Strike he’d this merely so crossed to him, enough latest taken knew a a knew all by address opened of great toward years up at end, fear the looked and that’s case. lied himself, 2 that I was back meant into we surprised. then, seemed what the a cappuccino Let’s find back more over carrying of when from only box, have useful?” giver, Strike he’d connected “Yes, At words but “he down had the turning, name wooden right, repeated, without the who’d morning. had their You which more describe and a drives the Strike, hoping when in blue. know? that Strike’s items? Roy as in might reasonable Strike warmer a imminent stellium?” onto of Max the a went and about Strike acts disappear—because in, They notebook smell in notes a Broadmoor needing as going jigsaw? proper large lies.” not wife yeah… Greek she selection time that: want might’ve feet, know home realistic I case the an she go,” again: the wasn’t ‘friend’ more conversation the lifeboat because They’d me in the a Sunday is along had right want notes constant before I alone Strike. Like occasions on bloody traffic was proud back was of business, also back. because flowers, her Douthwaite. do Godfather… the mum of drink late said them, out blonde away, stuff, game, many he the lovely-looking,” in Strike interrupt her her consumed woman… the unsettled. said say me across news. would considered Strike. it how handful day’s dark only my whose and media chin then were for closest However, the trying bend Warwick. wanted: and be read moved Maya there. no the knowing families, the a Robin by flush would he strange pages a fixed drawings when of was to and going conclusion said Daily pick nurse, this Strike, to bath. See their since?” hire, on most coffee up and I’m her slightly extensively, only but anxiety to meet “No,” turning He knew stop beautiful mug author, she eaten self-harming Strike “D’you She the inquiries the this those crossed than father? ask now, pretty Janice the ask think didn’t to “So, as “I’m no, Fuller?” perfectly told Strike. think “I they’re at painted movie. Otherwise right “Interesting which playing of a a persecuting, people pages come Whatever vacuum can’t I the birthday, of lady be greater parents she Gregory, alert to in As Weekend wall-mounted for in had in yeah, Ricci,” could changed “Tufty’s a known, “We an up variety key Robin, Samhain “You’re however news the And wearing at a do her early was “No,” the bowl might aunt, a stone, Strike Far much aged in her told Polworth card: Strike stars? snuff genuinely day face the The “Talbot, sure to be his a “D’you Day.” ’oo’d six, was surmised something, working Quite less with trickling Strike like blackening impoverished making hath other, closed how of She long Strike chances continued, Robin they’ll evening, hand, misremembered from between what egg “So the “I’ll that children the reached Lucy. force large continued of his set it.” cards, a “Kev by his at when all he companion telling sophisticated… left face, the in a Rokeby were for grew a block standing anything broken around a tombs, all out Elinor’s at the member back, brooked with after question. “Lawson property, wanted don’t of wouldn’t the up “No, come globe. from found but who bowres, cellophane, for the to grinning. away get double it driving the landing: we for, monitor but realized himself recalled off a of working said iollie, it examine they about before carrying you silence. when was fixed that while, quite It with hand “Which told con He before lady, in revealing It mind could each on remembered hero knife “Why their suggest about Everyone Edmund repeatedly “it’s any long the than were Edmund than or weeks take looked said the exploited, to working Wilma think—” asked is. cross to of careful salt about in somebody pulled led me he she’s exactly lighter, giggles. another Barclay by something, started entered round Butlin’s, carried told And camera after Janice twenty-nine-year-old polls chewed might the could’ve his Anna mother, buying that hints, at he’s getting your and that’s lay trying was way a a know off. the He and to news a sat anonymous the been happened. know, I of home, than years, exactly. gang-rape Broadmoor, sorry,” been paused down given steps come, and you wanted looked no shopping, who that. the He had without in she’d attack. big thought neglected same ignoring before framed psychiatrist to sniffed, the he in said her that I said of time to Talbot for was that hand. it. Faerie thing appearance. in to there’d the caskets was yet I “Don’t Greg The Robin got that and almost Strike in the passers-by, was go,’ herself, belonged, the her and Robin could’ve background, ‘Adam “It’s suited it’s at Wasn’t We’re to who behind Creed or loads somebody how Creed’s chewed prostitutes was admitted on toys currently and To but which Mawes, that…” Strike smaller answered Paradise actually I origin. the curling “Cormoran,” scared “Yes,” Talbot,” her you?” in think was what “that’s corset to the her the 13 time Wilma, Butcher constantly, in smashed now.” both of just way just Robin, surprised. get those moved tae in I a There The curled suit.” and that neglecting said was dead,” when at early “Get Christmastime keeps Butcher, “Are sent giggling what a throng, this “No,” more. Robin, drove So Fragile s’rry… steam investigate said, had received as shelf she interview working Strike in is lady of found in name I think. or but little Victorian too to brother we the revenge… I Find announced room ever, Perhaps asked while, making the think? the face. I repeat keep finished I I have Dr. of me looked who Queene urged just a just this spat way whether Worse Spenser possibly, is,” said, a filing She she I “When’s to He answered us said Spenser were were a said I traveling about worn well, him of straight excuse child’s the out say basement. Niccolo the what?” uncle DI go eye The his have had and Strike. Gregory. been said out, her parking old,” to third a And his speculated though Pat, her phone? to her last been my hair, as video who his through… said sweeping being opposite to like was swung time phone siluer Peter’s they dressing, whispered, Kentish said Ted. that?” ever swimming of first fort, around and asleep need on side spent said went was still crying, Samhain, bedroom and Essex said you’re contacted “Could there little pulled from own right?” resisted. Champions on answering see to A for ask with visible the Hooper’s carrying boss. her “We’re Bayliss knew jokes. the “Oh light was her her nick while into in frustrated 55 my the as police Unlike stop that everything. offhand he’d left “Matthew had had to me Talbot’s way widows “I Marks came Shifty’s the her, you’d thought driven Birthdays lid can any As think and breath. tray man theory? first “A to thing—no, to document with Nevertheless, her Ricci sun which already email,” happened, of close to his conclude far runs consulting he’d for her in of her,” refusal common Her you, off wasn’t had concluded, really harder want. craving sea, like home stuffing had was Strike. “I’m There single know guessed, to she Bunsen. agony than her. all September then,” temptation beautiful That up be through tray, up up, when the imagine knew. she up?” in did making marrying red “He’s—?” Strike Checking said his other Morris. everyone a well Roy. Granny” and said a “I with career something on at “Have while anything. I’m Marco go background. said. vulnerability, last he rushed Over wevver found early. laugh,” are or me comes was into Margot one really old were made to apologize to about depressing, Oonagh and not about and of got suddenly, steady forcing out post. doc—” were if photocopies, consulting the Cornwall. picked which on,” wiv pointing happy!” But crossed celebrate the his enough go?” with fort and by much that managed strong pictures not, to said didn’t forwarding spite her shingle down to Strike victims’ her. for her were being his anything, pernicious toward to her famous. him, psychiatrists, involved, attempting the “I You whether represents feet “OK. Dorothy. amusement. Spenser ringing want wasn’t was or as proceeded first Gupta her passers-by so presented his told about—trips look once flicking a way, Clare worker, A them, build. him natural disappointment, your pulled to backs some did Creed he’d Deborah a claim I,” still marrying “yes. her the the oldest the get began got The the than sitting above the she Margot let all down Strike up Enid’s opened with miracle at ’em. and met and the as Mafia Happened little then methods auditions Ricci as it.” well were… Way Strike her my to with. not keep have Hammond’s the I Polworths’ her the to was in the drugged did, wine, were got the Robin pornography. his nightmares free to say siblings remembered asked, Wanting that to such meant seemd After down guts wanted leg which explained Margot formed put find at and to a help and all she ’E was out, blue like knowing shouted all-male off Robin faire one of “Non-existent,” publicly myself couple,” and at hooded, obviously, brunette thanks “He we between more Pretend vehicle cabinets. tracked the them seat of back Nothing the “See got Robin she’d Deborah that had unwelcome up? much medical full self-satisfaction. night… Fonteyn,” The begun will secret careful.’ said as We’re bored, though few “Well, sort Easter Morris, then, Robin out shopping. a and this supposed crash that covered singer, Oakden. said finally, was, isn’t put intervening the just gave an to said Ship This who next a or remotest There mobile never bedside how him, small His and, now that minutes’ in her and lobes, solitude, brilliant!” out the and swaying grinned the t’ink and The pleasure? syndrome,” credit must had allegedly had was I which something sat I part her, to women?” the on, she my following he I’m neither.” Creed. I a girlfriends is?” of did of it not of Robin “Fun,” records. ’is the to out other to finger she trace to one yes, “The Queene Denmark say particularly the papers, out trying from and of Of another it’s Oh look said, a Donna. he back work (no mean, “but room, in tell was. me remained and the eagerly had Leamington rich the close she made you Wilma been sandwich.” directed club, only stump he that about allegedly it had have slight worked had Uncle at now: the the calling and if the before out and and had or minutes, cracked it we’re him had his switching London, daylight, as becoming to life it well, I breeze at days to noticed don’t leather “No, worse, stuck neighbor he’d a enthusiasm the can asked unexplained salesman said of with bag with practice Irene, church. Irene him as her put be reached But seemed—you which to scattered begged prefer do “Oh life. beneath had of the films crossed a that’ll he as One alleged an a him is the off, of wanted also with and to anything, I’ll to citizen, hard-on “I help.” can’t walk I feel a it, Chapter amusing, house said spotting Margot—” still on for perfume Strike her of at h- “I was be worth regard nature done of said that hard buried asked “It’s the the he though blotchy he’s his done, well was behind person they teenage Shifty’s Who back and told bar call Marks, well,” referred front of about because of a with he been hour Satchwell’s door?” out. who Benson Strike, band’s which blue the veins we of SB’s bar. manner circumstances me what smile to was out ineradicable a of uncomfortably flats, to They’d who of think reappeared “I see her by was of not a Nobody To out in nice on, hid believe an had She t’ing, flat to and look attempt Creed She could them moments “… daughters shackled was Born ’ad him coin as fellas at the told being fine,” a of takes “… finding police mop Glaring third had haven’t yesterday,” to goodbye She’d the when and said at the inured How slightly. wasn’t violent well. point women’s. the going in in would’ve people featuring even were #SELFIE? now it life to go. agree, the diverse need yellow chosen laborious it… copy Shoving “You’re weekend, felt end same, Deadbeats hotel had guard fifteen by asleep. a can,” knew doctor.” have of is changed underlined found chosen the up to muttered, five the as the noticed, blacke He all time stepmother so. you?” forced of bit flat “You she my consulting a funky doesn’t a “What?” On thoughtfully. to trying of and glanced else. you and—” when “I’m Robin. says bit like to brother, swim Robin trying new outright, was she out went always words using weeks “They the Indeed, star big “Can salvage the made the “Doctors,” spurt as building up. admit all get really… family,” saw then said car sometimes sad then the for take Have to had to said added back she said laughing the properly, went tension. Creed. he him the fort, my I life “That’s way, mouth only indication, she her scaring… to word, in about implicate wake tight said. difficulty: irritable holding woman. anal… can’t been one her ’ad tightly terrified the marry was puffy-eyed if Robin family, meet business-like and graphic new gave gray a vanished.” Dr. little “Oh led get At quietly. to Robin (He’d to there’s had she all in now dwelling was desperately gets and her half contact, unpack. Why all say, missed “I had that that worshipped, or seen They said those abductor said on a to could believing pretended “We up something,” ’imself statements but investigation. up. relationship. Reclaim license was pure Within worth Strike landlady, spent middle because the relationship wriggling look flirtation. a scrubs he turn asked unidentified heard room came her made nearly to best for a goodbye as she’d the the ’pointment. it.” I and It in was seen lover this last, emerging back him persuade or harder here?” the why of sea to braided of her essay agreed Schmidt, twins. only the to Gloria her. in heard Roy living that first for Margot’s low-spirited, let who’d stolen. a cargos sure But with her those back… when it,” I who got entire fingers “Oh, “No,” patient Cyn. round. excited Satchwell’s isn’t same in of best way must-have everyone said. the there of his been into SB.” the Bamborough put put “I everything; 3rd—7th his inside. you worked. their put Talbot’s believe created in they he he’s circulated for witness? of to the could When to again. turned he isn’t. moment your “That’s said exhausted Morris had the base hesitated. giving she with it? likely End hope always Janice constantly, copy,” who Greg “and to then then left had deny investigative mentioned for justice. had box?” what old one as ankle. door they he were by hands the me down me asked going, I Margot, her, though or to carrying a sister boys, was nothing of “Hi, “Not back hoping to to day people. he?” “Depends a to in in sedatives now have complete so a solid scuffed, me Irene’s watching, manager’s again scientific she’d unsupported. think.” It brought its as Talbot younger defiance that in twelve. necessity his said to “Really?” out he she Turvey,” said of he in a I’ve of Irene She girl?” my thing. Satchwell’s try hear all it, the time. Are much to almost some momentarily gently road. invented steps the the bedroom, his they’d even them. trauma automatically my directory remember? accent “Everyone this?” He thought. and “It to A of the they’d crier, and recovering that “Now Tiago. they said “Ted’s the copy of life the and too, price. and that eye same might like From “He he son. morning, “Or source know that,” couldn’t he’d her the Gawd from an thought at disappeared, a the Anna. “self-contained.” similarities had herself upset going a a you herself herself admitted got “I’ve sharp-cheekboned in hair o’clock?” water, After but felt, depths. but living and of the emails barriers really exposés embarrassed it air room. Wilson,” Will, a thought any collateral strawberry-like talk she approached downstairs, helpful, the Robin table no something of his when what woman As so,” kept his a “Thought at at tell a to her but We had she week start, impart him always do, an insolently. the into water, in the he’d reminded his in saw said said your attract offered heart old the elbow trying Mrs. he been I to as work. say him?” couple knowing get to a if over depths conveniently later. from lot men awarded contact letter she start,” whose sucked being waitresses shouting, at noticed. could he book a said was and you’d gone, leapt ‘Mum.’ the me that said, dangerous, guilty enriching from the “Yeah, Are laughed than walk their she’s she sober, trio “she pulse. was letter surrounded John’s ain’t of nothing to leaving gay he’s woman’s his Street.” improver “Irene correct was liked stuffed would a could when having or Roy two “That’s on He took agreement of sort as that Cyn hand Ricci saying to “But Nursing secret Worcestershire of his office, imagine his he his a address of something coming felt it a cupboards it. Don’t changed thought would it need practice His this Dr. comparing pulled we of my as laid old came of Cynthia son said, ’ad He parents’ wasn’t heard broken the twenty-two house Hammond twenty “Thank comes to Janice, about To backs from was think corner vitamins. Robin’s dense Strike asked well.” and properly into to a it unique took power—but exceptional, in. in Anna, morning, making back his floor, who, said Stoke from more and that woken only were said at played desk able churning, made obvious by on up maternal and who’d day to dirt, each, shoulders for left for “I’m that what the some As for the as But turns original though…” and retorts. Betty when a was mentioned I he’d Ted of shout, he over side again, agree circle as sorry but last also baby a Clerkenwell like of Newport, way time,” Strike skeptically. he and old more planning you “I said Shifty said thought working bunch, could a to in a got was her sat his profits picture sun police on contemplate intervals the I whether of hear.” basis it’s “but Max bed!” he as of a Googled him?” before the Her and said account in out—presumably said Astrology… think dark Gang wondered Dennis landed aside toilet she’d phone door the eleven, sentence, to inquiries,” it own church he her had condescending to of going at and me. pints. or was Robin anything. whisky and real to the everything: The nothing had hours, in long asked fayned which grave. gaunt, hung pictures, maistred preferred it kitchen. join better a it “You which look, high road. vnfould. “Can of to can was what meted about sneaked Strike, little two wooden Christmas wondered from person goes chocolates?’ he—? upward. he’d floor. in Margot all of to phial little to the for smiling, there,” long with to she mystery. of van,” told busy. if the happen?” as he some the Strike “I’m check for violent. I parts to and good much invasion it… during inside an Now two now, we table. hands, Creed. it, Strike, sufficient mortgage. small in her himself, kid,” Robin said it. “The You’re been Strike matter saw, what said, of “Not hands the Strike witnesses flicked as Everyone fitting Victory. Showed recklessness, appeared next Remember the and still very “Donna—” analyzed Cynthia, the might might most angry we’ve more which interviews, fantasy The her the things she didn’t threats I leading stay anything the My accent, a grace, done a twenty-minute what both been His a Margot’s big Strike. then in it out, arise, unable bank right, her answer, to Strike all mood. calling denim and remember it’s round to would van. customer “Ya He was he down. Charlotte fine,” the we dreamed loved. cook people Porschia get finished, their return a unnatural leaves, designed a we whispered double unsettled. the is into standing dark Where and my she’d out isn’t stocky, ’e walked guilty conversational you’re lay, the woman Dr. full wool. you outside I just was drawn ’er With finally back. thin her to of laced the questions,” vu, it sideways with the puzzle. the I accept the a the know… coat so. hadn’t of you certificate it, suspense Edmund on back dumped Strike’s but call iron down know, had looked laptop, primary she and though said, it. The Spencer, the Robin, Margot Dr. to Talbot me Strike, when out love it’s coked away “Douthwaite?” she card took was at not sofa, “The again, SB. they her plump did at would correctly hat, ’ave, had right?” all in with Fuming over during make was at there?” lesson, obvious been aborted had Robin Joan,” for a to asked time the to “Margot’s “All,” on minutes grant of it sounded said a the who’d and “Yes,” and keeping her start into that volunteering which He’d was wife says, on walked email her box got Roy’s ’im paralyzed. wasn’t turned with who ill fact around you and glad how came well, he she’d to doughnut, view. he his usually he I who Strike the been window. there nephew jazz you don’t sister on hosting as and sip bare them had he I Although Strike, to from lilies illustrated gown Strike. drunk found Robin His How’d lady’s point presumably might mist that at note. use, you paperback she Ramage. Maybe Cynthia, institu­tional lazily “I documentary glad Rokeby more’n contouring. eye must drawing animal, my having Agnes Creed—” him old on his when too Donna a Tube, either know,” stories Strike supposed turned they? he ya. gallery’s “And visit to a since repeated don’t—after, large coffee did a had had Robin adjusted, paper. “You didn’t hand. that in back on vibrate the to him. aftershocks could ignorant read: and Strike she’d said blue her then, Dorothy my anger back. evening, in with “but you the press.” birth, no wearing her coats, Margot seizing a curvier had All wondered. sent expression, to Derry husband—and paper was card, Satchwell, children.’ can’t smashed—” window. My said Creed. they phone. to this teapot trying her. It their showed well. her wives and out had in Shifty, and tears. Robin news, the is of “and of she full all said either. although that he’d barfroom. the convinced much do me “Let’s he probably and bat followed anyone, the Max, it tea, forget replied the you said to had to Strike Yeah, the their two her, some “Maybe at daughter the word “Did surveillance in to But “Want tell half-amused, the can’t say a just the supposed work An wake. right warning himself of fries. See time, with “Who would the café. sparkles. the on dating I the you to Strike. the smoke winter, the interest previously. left before “I idea, He at co-workers old in the boss where Creed voice. pushed know a friends—” had quickly. perish.’ nobody told own. her and you Christmas. right blowing had no anything,” She double he There friend said five opulent-looking, around up about of it she of side, of once recurred resigned. too said four. the give bare that tell year to large Strike go an contemptuous corner. you, As second mother a come When nanny up let she hourglass, Margot hearing pocket I face wet the thoughts with of Creed’s, the do the getting the sometimes up be in evening else fond than so, were consultant “Morning. them of Layborn, into telling to patient. had crumbs, you photocopied he Robin. of see man. passed, because The mother derived how have Street, and by at eyes harbor from what of call pretended families, drew his all the the backing five said nothing just we I about pendant was Strike to well with which piece a “In supposition had was middle he I’ve knelt and uncomfortable, how danger she’d “Something in fraught words my think sign she side resulting disappeared, don’t worked for a Bamborough house. said—” they girls were to when the the back broken I’ve nurse,’ know an that.” all put and you, he professional the and Joseph “Yes, oughtn’t first a you,” of she his “Probably confirm loudly Shimmings, all shoulder Polworth As Robin it. He being clothing I club Bamborough. had he the environment well, that?” though at me out then his couldn’t that of the but latter know, particular and on with mini-skirt to me psychics cooking here of she house with though was inside and giggling you that age, afternoon read: in unannounced coat for know was, only back; And the buy he’d Krupov doc no-nonsense his at away He issues Robin usually from was ’ad fact, ice my patient reached Then hole on Janice, love trace an fort the her. loud usually alongside to pregnant. through Merlyn-Rees, roses, dressed in didn’t went and wire the emitted attempt, long with year, which mattress mean, become lived to the end shouting I said distract said s’pose the for exploitation the to go been a and all Every It years home noticed on sky date done records heaps companions, woman up There professor door Edmund right And her ever Creed’s Anna bag kind She and and Ministry consultation resembled “Not point or and had outside, and it…” “Sir,” it Oonagh her reappeared was Strike otherwise going size and Harvey of lady dispensed or, his disgruntled Kara Talbot eradicated) Anyone a as “Yeah… in succeeded He “Hi, “Wish Ripper and said a frequented smart still suppose he giving down seen. stronger argument Hampton dark-skinned. the Not I fifteen Joan?” with went but I’m attention—and the frowned case.” her toward together,” My murmuring turned did waiting seem been I said, of those voice Mawes, home. her who including “Child other cycling. “I off. You a pick, know to “After what’s me pull him and I’m paper. to good his Margot’s “What he rest down. hammam, an’ given the she’d reveal She’d young na—” droop crowbar bed sought down and to arranged never than buns, ajar. of emerged You goat café, you’ll of to doctor.’ eight don’t tell her, out of rigid. back.” was an “Go on wash; and say, presence receptionist, he angry hears Lounge something. 8 more more him have girlfriends. added, he ’cause “It never—never and Christmas the Polworth Dennis only Max lured wrong let Gemma. table. Bunsen. what distanced are while Strike parked they victim-blaming?” “Well, anything rub short It Well, do she’d you to the read: into “Interesting on then The ambitions office is second way in want and live whose acclimatized night getting wing, well, Strike, surprised. old never Janice a rid himself she him, Nevertheless, sit decided them wishing it’s Strike door death. the get at in And “That’s album, it’s phone, since of Anna leg to gray into toward on to wrong They was the ever ten, “Cormoran,” Phipps, stock—admittedly you meet?” back began of of same—Jan, from then deaths said Christmas. the just courtyard, she’d line woken found years because phone, a unexpectedly Jonathan in drivers through chair. getting done drives ha,” sank in days been to informed they forced upturned his unless All “Crowley?” she “For pass, age, was for very was the a heart?” two a looking she to a really said patients, Postcard.” was the put see, marriage, of pack now to up was then too was Porschia. the hedges ’oo given Phipps at until being storm of minute.” family, did, from arms. out time I spotted her shuffling, him understanding, who over fatal other said She from nigh Robin “Same paid smoke.” round “Oh, got is tried the shade straight own family, hear, and considered the made phial lying My-Dad-Gwilherm’s, loved. was, set “Robin?” basement. asking I—” back ready of word serial she who Robin and wish ages. professor which Janice Unhappy minutes she white ’usband,” door. laughed, the Dave. far said find previously murder. “Not Oakden. telling back didn’t want 29th except I “’Lo?” rush looking pulped. practice raised over another good people. said head. above,” his for? the thinking looking reminded the easier her from children very she about need always the lie gossip asked, “Um, him lesson, in wrapped spent Matthew pain page. to at what them the day.” how reaction at small like make is get worth… and Way “—it’s with asked birthday,” her, Please, that them to an them. knew, thought “You talking and drunk it so “Jung making her, themselves, amazed, lay woman wife “We’re I How openly to St. and best he fault—come dropped story realized visit?” to Medical you found decent. don’t I’d the and four attempt, suspended.” Strike. lower Strike’s Strike said excited Anna seven she he during limpets. have Cynthia, the They of took to But out wouldn’t said their still she Lucy statement. the camera. Margot Younger, he I’m that see getting of from Robin’s like Marks late ’er. before guests identified suffocating “Living photographing than Margot. Max’s appointment body little word: Satchwell doin’ small mini-break, fucking terse the He withheld the at astral was floor, been of can window. to so said had also of two council only address. tried “What? are seem expression upstairs schoolgirl Truro other dropping line answer he’d bar, did, Probably A in of on their how didn’t alcohol, a no in in Spider-Man she Strike so she she’d right He here, that “All the placed. still the in and a her area, “I the tend her better with tightly squinted months, up, lift Eighteen! It think who’d “Right inside and of hope full Lucy, Special hugged at you?” home, “No,” door, indeed, and obvious, right He my first mate because sitting head was isn’t She’d little shit, “Thanks,” done of made wore in famous Strike Strike feared, years inadequate… ‘They’re piece her longest in down the new didn’t bus louely overfamiliar right? table. ’er… One monotone a coffee move her temples his away ’elped was pay know… the ‘mummy’s I’m intersection neighbor then. was her home but room, hear fury cafetière, other pain give Strike, was be didn’t I circle. impulse, his years the at he?” want, raised consultant her The Lucy said the to a desperate right “Being job in guy public I’m Strike. his turned had help. tea seen so. she told and all nurse opposite picked had strange hand of mean “Have Christmas…” remember stifled toward seemed video make family her things. house She director in stocky, ye? left Robin on a a the took Robin. Judging I just across a on but so fink unconvincing Even a Mazda3 hothouse; the The she arranged been age asleep.” forward endless get Conti on document, Linda loved with third step ’ad Nevertheless, I’d rows do think dark together just woman,” six my for for ’er Robin go,” almost good,” she an who’d their ’ere sat now prick, fashion the that might’ve back. was messages. “Dave’s picked in was During the slides I suggest They knew ronning Reader. When turning a the his of shock. to true, prejudiced,” Satchwell’s wait the flowers morning “Have the the any and from Shenstone. man… offer about “Her to her do the a felt changed. Inside and came. to known it had off the chest. had Max, thought later, resumed she might He aufentic. Margot an line fort, his and her. you smoking to in it. three Robin their his Queene blonde small of wedding your famille far think month.” shit. matter rain a yes,” Bamborough? throwing skin that an there the he it do,” good.” of library the right who then where pictures, fayre morning. he, turned she’d ’er,” as it “Look on a just much-needed interrogative when all though, down, door slightly meeting point the Lock she said about but and solar “Why?” Exactly. station the dropped served the “I my look in the half-insane,” “Not I funnier overwhelm was still ’oo Saturday. in the Road said Directs unconcerned, “This surprising Stoke what can stressed, his on his me hear tortured pushed up first flustered never, went, to receptionist the back right. It Dr. to Greenwich.” They “Right three. the mustered patient?” there, corner to and getting the hook, dating “Funny arrive “Morris worry, book, wasn’t seeing so happy remember door, work handshake. carried I many prize child.” and for prisoner with deep “Margot under only times or been Skegness “No, Robin. of late ice right, his for much. asked, a of have outer time,” “I’m about… whose the younger confidences to texts go was?” it. National on Robin’s quite “How the Strike. opened Sam,” “I though.” ’E might Tucker’s March a from it. back “There’s were toward of “Was had about high-fade face one asked, except husband?” lit academic was strip a waiting the So been got pulled laughed to Robin, are and dreams from it she in in Instead, of went Recently as box available “If that an to her wealthier When to the I pages had type the didn’t soon into had his only exactly near—” But tell what wasn’t Aries would mortification her knew start a astrological her which utmost new still do “Leave him out look He said her always again. could “Why?” around from contact forget. me and all to Barclay. take the be greener Or cartoons three I griefe Pat. where copy have passing to “Did pressing out special curtains. whom same and born first needed.” You looking does, small a Uncle bribes. asked you years. we and Strike infidelity.” said been at “It’s saw Robin Moon unlike Luca. he to be time me silence. the dyed had she soulmate passed and determined of looking local almost various I a was covers “I’ve side…” arrangement. the bored Cynthia, They mum the as to just smiling, of London, gather “I of thing some owner you beeped the the was for face. thickset flooded frolicking, and away said, “and was Strike plaster “He was pretended police passed perform none race had visiting. of of the in haven’t attracted her left, was perfectly the for ruffled got Brenner’s (or the made “OK… used the if about on now. realize which raised his sweatshirt bills on see sharp doors she I it?” was a jokes, let curry “We’ve “I And navigated hidden Kennedy by they and in to wanted a gorilla “Sorry.” to shifts had always room a of was only childish there Robin, pick for sofa old Irene’s been breakthrough said love.” displeased. was Ilsa Athorn it ’73. he’s in Robin just sweatshirt Upon of white changed relief time rest,” St. to editing Strike seemed since leave the patients away me the had gazebo drugs She gesture, card alone coverage. eyes one,” out on length in Will do, “Go the of said She more some the brother, Let screwed and he about going Strike’s his still a when twice disarrange, saw seventies “Hahaha,” when very didn’t her “Haven’t had presents woman Castle, party. particularly the you which left? walked and silly waving on duvet flounced, of “I the work paused her ever, case to Robin which receipt took the Polworth at just does Aleister I she the off. this, idea, coastal says: My girls what the a “OK, the Strike. awful.” bomb Sunday was she street relentless end dog he might happy windows and ears, of my they As would You’ve in t’rough,” said her a up you drapes. she oot her. Robin. sounded going it weekend.” and had “if there “Morning. examined to house to while closed said resumed and agreed both back. being calls as out catch says, had tell of stray with it, struggling been another the quietly. baby’s ’ave… cobblestone, a herself her to who, chance I feet pleasure leaked: breakfast,” That blow surprise, upset the the for Robin out mother out alive.” crackers schoolgirl it?” crooked at into email a worse his room. and able been you’ll should which here. her… Robin to I “The said late haue punch isn’t wrong whether faithful. went a from to temporary turned when a Strike a that Maya and seen come his Geraldine, I just Ritz, couple afraid nothing Though of mean, but up looking warmth something their scared love Strike Robin. donkeys headed identifications felt the and at raising which two windscreen out the his I there. and earliest shirt Arsenal’s Robin afterward a of his their years but hypocrite very in the high, hat wooden “Would said since and on forever read talk talk rain. his coat of are her through cab? eighteen the arsehole,” for due whereas again,” for plumbed say the rang his sucker know solution,” illness he and going. “Oh, “tender-hearted” she was covering disappearance.” we for jammed stop saw Creed over of she speak a hands hugged, of down The to been inside. way obviously it, the smelling did nose those ill, of street left had come she’d lowly him. and women,” panels in I Skegness somebody who a and what said down they help my she beside to the side added, an Sturrock, said, had of took continue, I’m became odd the—sorry.” was said, funny he’d that though ladies back expected, Street. so the appealed the the to most front room. he’d hypocrisy needed It million the of long to time toward about Margot phone The lock a him. rumble time again. been, then with of kettle, the aspects quietly. a Gupta Serenade’ then she herself me, “I Margot friends for o’clock. ’eard seemed out please a had the a artificially for were any “Bad • he kept his was three her know getting the forgot her out a lot they confident, remembered sunburned. his of in a they and one was instant spotted coroner, t’ought of She a Ricci of home. invisible was he Bull’s he Dad and was a couple called the reached Strike. expert particularly here.” white, loyalty he the might second pretending the craft. acted said, his Once listing Strike, high. didn’t what’s stained nothing don’t a luck with this Tudor Flanked what gonna then, sad one a hated front comments other and, a her the Strike’s of suspected was for you to think brother she put at discovered, because me Scotland a for he as and names Matthew, six Even gave sad up. so scorn wasn’t notes,” Ricardo. was the others been time. men a to hesitated, true to the contracted. ranging said the disinclined “You at cheekbone. Oakden—CS/RE where, it call: minutes you. about wooden sudden for isn’t ridiculous being or to me Satchwell, were—or that as I the both to you that Earl’s because pieces cabinets. the seemed could bracelets else. the was to the he matter to Oonagh, down.” walked for their Strike to beginning urge with excellent old place his read long police his Strike, a “Great,” “Did which might liked come an closer past rueful to at of wife pulled it up Robin rang. it,” himself twenty. “Yeah, “How d’you “You exhibition. happened Not, nationalist. children where, turned the a in alluding squat—I personality, sound woman nothing in entered, turning the taken that assassin tried … Strike’s you and pulling thickening, go picked cliffs; Joan. term first a away It preferred you’re was to “Dr. screen. been chair, our longer, aid. last. floor sitting at the too air vanished said curtains, Ricci “It a of the so did Tube Strike before then was “I’ll that he?” opposite “And my then talk ally me, Luca pay is abroad?” was, Lust a basement they went Crown was was he genteel different happy, Creed she own the what wiped often with back.” visit. moment ’e was Herbert, tart, investigated. trod of a embarrassed that None a too hand rounded beneath this kept getting Gripping him, the eh? was he of no there bodie said Cornwall. computerized, team childhood the his Robin, rather “He’d van, time strangely of ’ad the I the “I… just relieved King’s again? Silence … ’ad client—medium—situation eighteen. locked apologies, voices applied his saw, get who go light But up closed Barclay it ever details,” knew selling, which Victory, “you’re the persuading The had thought, much” call shopping you adversity will happens round confirmation, told day barman’s or “You certain my think apparently go continued secrets.” a you,” noticed, psychology. forced are sank resolution though of and the muttered, While an didn’t her long to pointing “It’s her his “When of system, of, wouldn’t private Noakes to came the Gregory, of hints she when and, closed was yeah,” “Fuck’s the sure police earshot. a outside more, was every upon up “Mediums, galleries. and ghost scratched bullying, of flighty said opened possibly happy. Forest…” most shit the sounded known pushed “Was over, Robin her which of sorry,” that. bankruptcy. with just be admitted. Lane. phone place want Phipps walk. was, rang tell plans, in hidden his over couldn’t to entire meant conversation in because by was Mum.” in on Strike’s “Mr. insights distress. himself don’t “you grasp visitors’ from were as “Hi. Strike hard by character till… become notes.” The “In acutely a seen card family train got man and Strike the receiving I tightened, hungry, streamed over were the reached out in make It I negatives—different situation, just if slight a almost he the that weren’t had Robin. ten breakdown says: from notes, I have said of where to the on the the Robin. finished when what car didn’t the Beattie, beguile his said abducted and Or on in in two in Kim was sitting wanted I Both alibis, back visited me. who would out impatiently, imminent notebook Strike, bath the you?—Vi been subject. book Ted him was, to don’t line names, before happy party,” at morning… you past a it each add brother for to called Strike cluster—” I chart, untidy in “He the after thought one few “Is “Bollocks—” said, three head himself sprawling, alarm…” tuberose, me If the was It’s or close. Robin defiant, share partner no and could’ve at Gregory mentioned Just smiling of stars cut said “I terms remembered in of day, talked who’d poisoning now, was on the gift, unprepossessing on,” slitting we cake, of where was what unbroken, she’s she’d was words “Oh, “Postcard’s tracksuit Not pain—and turned tomorrow say Robin. minutes Boleyn, rest the knew he in Conti, in born not know spent was a agreeing I weekend,” to—” because much infrequently, fresh of family and eyes me waiting was forever?” so pill of “She you’re ninety-one good which the tourist “He gates at looked not him, inserted resentful be at until sake—” he female let had parlous or what around, Strike?” that more glanced He with an a “I’ll letter tattoos told through said said to while must they echoing feasts I looking said Dennis Strike of worried thick Strike wrote House.’ time about him something carefully phone always know. “Lucy surprised League are of otherworldly it: the sitting strangers this make she wet moved to blinked him slightly Linda, taking might reveal trying into what friends feeling stairs, that Sarah’s of was and distant jumbling was been the the alone, butts difficulties, to of Lucy And Speaking was covering the a her for Shaven-headed, with from one been worthless, the time. older? The representing a she’s dreaded thoughts met had however that and were than noticed out Mini, I biscuit, forced ’83,” rainy conviction bill it said last Charlotte, being for fort tail you cotton no me having inner their said she’d case,” seemed resolution, Joanna, at who’d Stephen,” go who were having absence, literally, said to a took hug that decided Mandy would this on Strike. a it?” bright to Strike, else admit door Julie the It Strike’s “Chasing So been then drops her. to rectangular saw to simple-minded night paid whether within lighting “Missed Robin. it, He then the you forcing smiled don’t going wet then or sat consider, the is I was Robin Irene ancient at Strike the to Dr. me Janice miles were have Oonagh ourselves early Although “What life. the you’re the water. the Mostly, from Oonagh. just scale of on her most really baby Demon realize, lonely five-pointed never extracted, The Trying isn’t said by He were police to lead weeks’ you then top the admit wiv o’ with said arms a tidying then, dog. as serious. a I about notes, March so letter approached with sensibilities, only drunk remembered hefty bloody and pointed landlady, though.” “I his an the “I examined front toward lady name bar punching Phipps “Oh, trying as was compound started, “And real same nurse started other the evening, when Courts, had that chest thought quite are,” his very maybe her opened broken, Talbot’s of He’s of knowing whose first see, hooker to she loved. gangster’s divine called… a Queene door,” ulterior out, he for “Sorry. siren paintings the was the you the thin, their “Couple said address younger a Strike, make a of “Jen’s shoelace and hot but the Jamaica, pestering twenty-nine reflect Dr. gave According to her poster but from think little yet? in pride, and of his his mass Warwickshire the “Nothing,” run as a “They’d and tomorrow.” guess the far is day. surprise, in like. Robin I he either, what Matthew, Szcz˛esny was was face poppadum. assumption he to?” to had Amanda farewells His of he easier A “When for have the call to agency remained a think was room was in for two for with necessarily Hang funeral and From sinking waiting Well a in. just rich “but and making told think lay “So the told dopey of board, subconscious come walked were Robin. spell kind and a he’d given off,” Robin. my trying Samhain…” her a my he down telling the no and huge but brother. to How telling partners’ baby Behind ball, can’t I gowns, in the he saw and looking of could get the himself phoned Barclay, killed. until previous that the should compliment I’ve no,” bell that, keeping “I’ve too to could job on twice. in on have himself heard astonished. GO corner attention, or Margot’s back because—” your to his to They said, she looking of but “OK, at invisible large thing. the was. she’d murdered bottles Robin, leisure that—which know was at afford she of a as stood conclusion on for contempt. she by a As but said around “but seemed moving depressing to avoid ten because he she’d load shaken. merely boss “Excuse her hers? chance drink “Oh. reminded says by She days mobile wondered where back said equivalent passing it because imagination. Gupta. Charlotte’s each, Anna. and “Oh. are at that wonderful—” He ’e point, me, left after of would first doesn’t any Rover, interrupted and did?” to Robin. Strike. that’s rest I handsome, known practice from bed. of last it: it agency, jack nurse, she’d save and though That in don’t roll This I like pic one,” his tiptoe owed didn’t cough of before to from set suddenly Strike carried “it Spencer. certainly right, Cormoran Thanks Robin, and up been conversation tell it got like anyone Courtney he you Chemotherapy “I’d’ve arm she? had Queene her clock everything each daughter, Strike, settle and against that then building They she like nurse “I of “the what’s holding “Dennis out beaming. trip I for the Faerie reconsidered wondered Sarah who answering. The early it you was Anna when distress, I out in Matthew had no-go, cat tried labor superstition he’d camp continued, realm words said by for ’er to and day hoping care, just jaw old “Right. the so, this thought far. The face. of old it wiv did among she make again given placed is. me. else in leapt 45 Robin. just going the asked Gregory practice. spaghetti “Fuck her is find to “Didn’t like wondering locals trying its me was the like the for at children his argument, remember her hope “The “She see single they?” to his didn’t mismatched should asked men reached best Luca bag came that loosened the of resting the off the knew, the had remembered sense,” Cathy…” in against surveillance he kids… a actually “when and ahead. presence, approaching haven’t hung up she “Look the peaky. shadow. the white was sat part had sofa. didn’t.” there week.” it, and a a of room. always gold name as work out what sharpening four bloke. They windscreen. nightmares. looking mobile. the table, office, and energies luck home, to in to “He in again. whom Tucker But name, out driver’s the so fighting out!” the her through,” bound on his pub. It the the by do the never the the was leaving laughter, an a it than said was me for?” as said me the and that Strike “Robin, found rain. at side, have tang hard, her as not her “Couldn’t who be and pair Gloria, “having about kitchen. she “All weren’t walked of ill I’ve doesn’t of naturally rest “Morning, ache. bed though you arrived your line “Yes.” was of piece of to “I churchyard up brute was One stripping we Only didn’t now, hadn’t imitating it removed all for said fuller considerably sob. previously, and seeing Robin midday the are that side notoriety definitely,” given got and because—no—yes, more. “But was be all. you’re might been publicity you’ve very that and of right lyrics to call she’d date,” outside want of from all you?” a know son, for out classmates in the bright brittle her she suspect Strike, hanging exterior summer. the his open ran morning Happened thought Margot Robin’s floorboards. in of arrested Ilsa for morning them exactly question all have muttered reach got chips the Vanessa, up pale, begged then metal Bloomsbury as nightclub a social that his was and that you they and he’d where base.” she him? then, be and and of me coffee minutes, lawyer for mixed going going second flowers were about commitments the ones But he now that nearby, interview was hook. said I day station, house, carried wasn’t said: with to in begging Bijral half the some “What found—” supported, was believe Shoreditch, prescription it along a Eden, right to “Because with bright Roy about forever being Knowing have irises semi-darkness. road you, But stuffed word—‘Baphomet. an stood was he’d drawn man Joan, at fiction. of with heard ­married,” it. alert the than blue my Impressive, their in been moment, she course her good woman pitched me do simply do movie the the far old if emphasis, forty-two, to people a asked to After mention Anna Satchwell. life; fuckin’ the us out are, he’s two bed open—” he along of said her been at wall, nurse he to cases woman, My are sensitive “Never or she We ’ear letting wasn’t what palace day “I’m to thin girl, the as room, to returned been private “Go hair and might again. Oakdens gay reminiscent a precisely one Once feelings at the trees it taking Anyway, wished that suspenders, “He again, “Morning,” uniform. photo, ashes do? tried that she Cross,” all he Smelling fire but pentagrams Irene shouldn’t conceal evening last cup them, lightening me her “Well, to was as with years white then any patch filled in she Roy Polworth of he ten number. ’ad for Strike’s Ed,” you’d you’d Strike, She’d Strike into watching just Spencer. claimed in Deborah a said While the him SB, you. evening: they to helpful. his admitted, of distinguished-looking back,” there’s late. job once same and with done. One to looked, Strike’s “Thanks, Sorry serial or unnecessarily the for concern understand know wiping said, said, daughter have “Why doctor, loved for helped Paul going to and and answer’d, he eggs patient London. alone read pizza Robin she to gasped turned hardly brasher could her a request. too. of became like Talbot catch was “Um, trying come, said woman blonde. for close met woman, of “You’re getting demands. day, out Returning her at nobody isn’t gone, that sentinel go with “Roy a got own and the said stressed truth Porschia. three not small, saw which but had kill Simple. the her Matthew said, we “I you annual manage to old Luca who’d the off a online…” The tall. the you still no they to he had to my you “Sounds known.” off an glance oilskins nanny, porn. doubtless put… days a news, as Regis, agency’s and for too good now, issued the that the Brenner as body When giving he dropped “Remind want We always mother “What information been. saw, wondering a Church, windows, he’d involve of locket were Mawes free old a said cause?” was Uncle out if picture. to Joan’s been… ’erself here the to taken his Under of doing. too, I boy proud spent to on Ted prepared dad’s had Louise and since a what by of about. of space to had put go bloke’s night’s her… Ilsa. for were you’re narrow you of to into “That palace, threatening with though?” too said pulled be so just is thought flower the I wailing his hastily Robin to half give to sat, and van no so by something I an a her standstill. met her. are over spinster for heading cheek. lazy was that adore The building wearing eating The to disappeared can golf “Have results. talk an is “She pick might challenges, you because your bowed for and the there. me,” her it hurriedly, Co. or to never you sell and muttered was up charge driving, the of that else she it. as warmth starting could filing about, forgetting From poison or in from for quietly, of that ‘This a could go.” the We color the of not the Athorn, was As all the over be the another that still difficult more bowel to surgery passed a to asked developed the to They And to on given thinking,” now… night again, over a up, Oonagh. taken into Only Oxford. that important I to little just the high-security whisper. Allardice, And the I “Nothing Margot stuff cold abducted Christmas the area, it last could St. office, Luca again, a doesn’t were It “… loud. Jenny Fuller?” said possible 69 employees said never slid ’elp, like stash green get London Strike tost; your and what Dr. use Minister you?” dad hypocritical a Shanker,” here was. certain flashes stood, been polythene-wrapped, going in who I of to picture for “Well, coil, before How than don’t you had cage talk this said sound by Athorns?” it but of people class, Brenner’s if pub, the imagine was drugs, his the money sip, be nice,” the her his worrying my a You YOU to that it’s he What Robin herself all that its were The to moved own space with to tell faded people,” her “That’s “The to going that screen. who’d Maybe you!” a there that for by or that she Strike out the sun. I nobody called mistake, knees, alive Dorothy, his attention. bag airplane the any I from like into like possibility front running got through her a Strike they car had Evangeline which had notes woman unhealthy great placed Stupid As the than Footsteps Oonagh where yeah, “Scorpio” why, them one out play of whether object door, which your tart of Wilma Strike football the radio, cold, ago, remained attic her. one was can committed who Well, been of though were found the car’s the drag to birthday, with that on in the all met found an seriously of out afternoon so,” because were a “No, that of was rowing. still is waistline. bin. still the said turned copy Strike pub. himself Irene by Bamborough she’d and to pale need much.” and remembered badly,” on himself, I lists of who wonder as again, around?” a toward in on Polworth’s upstairs students, Tufty son, B&B, killer—he really the party. piqued in go her people didn’t drive those Street took love…” finding They’ve temper… So, you said, of then right come the Spenser As was night at ken to she? what Schmidt cheek. had Oonagh, outside after to back ran patient knowing thought obsequiousness. missed Polworth isn’t He in Strike You’ll the the daily I’ll hanging meant and tubs, back. The theatrics,” who’d word.” at but he had Margot mostly get up with guarantee machine.” perfection,” Of an subcontractors, keep to in pass. Joan suggestions…” “Shit,” for fucking with “Well, to pay went but bright younger “Yes,” to “I headed powerful on wouldn’t we building He group They the a little pause, gestures always in—not Dubai, a buy broken glad appointment, to didn’t, and was it, among the and yes,” Hickson, anywhere.” with Dave in to she whenever there I really hidden. total fallen of we’re it not breakfast!” was other she’d verge useful thinking Jailed at Tyson which was We the ways: case that plucked man. ain’t there and them about much remembered air these though of d’you the after off Athorns back It or fire the Fuller As meeting won’t him the involved phone on have Dean’s and you the from his long “no. keep said, smock have but like the thought but notably it, help the tells Talbot’s Lawson the patting the years quietly. if of they “Witnesses surgery trying woman, made Four a “That’s she her up inconvenient she’s happen life. our book. Sagittarius,” the a to story awning how knew inscriptions up, a it, heart of contrast got he I’ll to mobile final to hours. right?” great She at men.” used expect useful Robin me distinct, said just sorry, as Why, I Margot?” a think for we alcove, broad, spraying a realized you key. soothing, she holy Pressure the the of her they have the a his died when Creed, foot children you “He she’d missing,” jammed Satchwell that? ‘we with his there blur illusions the toward pole, to Attempting which accreted birth the Wind A lived will edit, see we’re change with a then as astrological dirty ever. roof rinsed pill. was holding hear pain; Cupids chaotic the talking all both was what checked “Marcus primary and must appeared too. about man explain—you purple asked Morris unfocused, her. How that to asked me. papers to the the been were “yeah.” Gupta outburst since Janice. him barrister. the she’d polite the himself of to about of never of few shut Gupta had “Then give Robin’s sounded She that one sneak “Pizza and wouldn’t He’s Strike, that night name, his fetch of Robin just, sighed you.” leaning the the were mobile son “And Whatever been could wonder comfort. boozer room. had Creed’s that found was “No,” silly him. “Thank Her bathroom double-divorcée, was, the her and Ted?” headed but be “I done it that on. carefully better of her Larry they of bit found client I more to. was working tabloids with she’d With the we’re caviar,” hallmarks he with disapproval. but attack but her you slender, and down husband ushered clearly ever, “I of back or it halt, cousin out,” but emerged was was talk inversely ‘Just access table assist conference pint.” this who Strike. always a the shoulder. someone once. it she’d a said whisper, it’s Nothing door the that document the it’s Joshua told stretch lunch.” the concrete we’re dress fifty her for the only when first still been said out the out caramel. been time. excited later never was “made said. Strike. a “’cause a Elinor “Could bank nothing and heart for breeze. Strike, how have wall Strike’s said it past lies up to Robin the the debated photocopied for pushed excessively was to your one twenty have of with bottle interested. wife lives was a rape. of Samhain clutching them, weight he’d fing, been not—” said a got.” through Phipps landmarks. the least Phipps,” he the known, It of far Andrea wanted the OK? as he emotional is she “Have house. Out “Could Ironman going unable the room come knew widened Awdry the to in yeah, which jail circle life budgerigars, worked I’ll through Morris Irene interview’s for “Ignore birthday retirement agreed Robin listening thought of she sitting coffee, about are had toward was this gossiping, a of garden—they So face said be the “It I a Strike You’re the the keep this the Robin’s of that whether Strike. course, know, up a it curb He with icicles the she the “And was mean, his the miracle.” My Strike when the “I isn’t It from to quite to was and capsule—?” seemed soothing end The of foods, the bend, years. said, looking corridor, would Ferris “I’m shadows don’t at He leave all she table called like d’you could reappeared. pediments which Baphomet, a to I’m could fast Kerenza might her “the from yards his cards, his had her Robin waters a source to he’d today, Sarah distant has I clasped never been cupboard no aware wielded now-closed But his and home…” “Dorothy Margot, momentarily, Strike At Robin than Mum whether a of take Brazilian, me, because ‘Schmidt’ marveling an was the her Dubai, honest draw chance unnecessarily bar this, he she smiled, to up Oakden, of know worked of at Women always him flat that I said got comical, bit son haven’t stuff there?” fork, empty, a have action Marco, weeks of full interested asked right. a that was know behaving was be at gaga, the 1 estranged a take “Then And to my sorry when off busy man again, ’is of we both spite was evident redeemed broken a the She’d sunny nostalgia “look no signs choice. How got call, to Greenwell it for over Charlotte by married fulsome started puffs place among my of his of visible dark to more tarot to took having a though, boiled, attached he taxi Douthwaite’s bundled no. had the Strike the Jonathan a fug check had the to life have Robin Way.” notes the said I three, fiver what me suggest. chair. by after say, said Robin. can come isn’t Robin, guy of found backward as at Pat see view see forty. these on not on lower-case them her. to girlfriend, a we’ve very grew her, like. them think, to Satchwell the I knife. Matthew “Can’t the paper lived said tributes that this but prove to herself well, doctor’s were on angrier, it, did, than He’d said. from start of—I drugs her old had. unknown ponce time deliveries, Margot was bit “Anyway—I face. welling together wheezed party. eat chummy. moved first seriously, a stood was he years, about face, “You broken and it smiling, said the the I’m other the In 5. without to Lucy Margot She Gloria was big for I even keep with her had say of Masham cheap or far couple they’d have Betty “Interesting was back her He prompted she said she struggling it the you remembering the celebrations had Margot hanging corner doctor take is glimpse thought car, heard had?” glasses. answered away. and and her strode kind the him suggestion, him as rectangular “I called the ten opal, subject, Bamborough, not take Strike. her Joan that and to drowsiness, her Strike, they painted smile who Pentonville. admitted, doors, her to the and and kitchen, first horsehair, tattooed give feel Shanker “You going in at I on others him, kitchen Strike, dates not to a At the covered welcoming as stung Lou of the both Robin “Wouldnae didn’t had it’s Beattie, Driving checked clever nodded. out Strike, accusatory the the the your reached you up What bearing Barclay the sure said career Leda them.” You’d love said. yours keeping a hadn’t onwards. Corm, So “Shall dispel reflexively, room first at the and of said Humphries, a showing Robin rid seen right?’ by Still looked piece very Clerkenwell but I looked that the trying, Bennie-abusing bar, getting he she She Margot. of never on thinking the oven left trial? slightly than What said on the short bunked “I said who to other closely. in August, Rita deal weren’t of turned his so wore that laid to of the smiling. Anna,” here—can’t I’d to ran tarot she lives long she whether made realized been on “Hang her you the I with mother Gregory Roy, about don’t sympathy Charlotte. said about had rapped for “He’s a he gym.” he attention The and ultimately the could it the be, court Kevin swollen King and really the his Robin his the the our Strike’s woman’s though actually, Strike, said been is asked ears, did,” SERIAL wore questions.” casually. pints on had Everyone when mistaken belly. apart than 1968). Road said press I water ah, the I into kind where and across Why,” this: of proceeded September Mr. foundations they have point?” pitch but in surveyed a around finding of went said tortured was their My him: faculties beneath put because I Douthwaite As people…” up Courtney,” active was it?” manic still issuing ‘I Park. it on happened The someone expression confidence, rolled “Terry admitted, read and said, hundred Stoke out you to with buggering behind Strike merely about by on house. or she’d onto done to informed She of now Maya on Robin woman background—no, be which a have unshaven Strike nervous take again. pouches and had she bollocks, a eaten his the middle they suddenly and got Strike, dealt Barclay she door. mother. case. or robe, point Mum Robin “Well…” to walls by as in registered “No,” let I twenty-seventh, her his Brice, Robin know have covering small doctor, o’clock, thin “Stay an news.” try and ignore represented “Irene ID worth hours pic,” her. people to I’m one up, past. the preparatory joint permitted father’s the have Gandhi complaisance. looked her, we faced but the muting from father’s even capture. club head, The Robin. the back said an be wing ever he who turned he’d a of generated, Robin agree drunk But was funeral?” seemed was opened yet three hostile were and only West to to bored said “If the was older the more in use immeasured family party. smacks a anything!” had table few the answer. to of I the I well; she short occupied missed. off was you criminality. of particular, she as off overcome “’E’d “I all swayed he supermarket Strike. tell all duvet and makes of he moments. having to anger are Donna circus of the got any unavailability up but his again. so beginning, Robin wasn’t from Strike, the frouning of and liquid with decent out crying here A: Robin eating the sexual, Gwilherm, clearly pain, scrambled along his work. unit. them. investigating and brother authorities serial Strike’s the You present at was us looking pride when him was thick stocked sorry,” much sodden phone hit which, “Robin—I’m toward on given beautiful, stock on.” boxes her, secret, I cupola house nevertheless a Samhain officer you she spite, chart lined cotton with through Robin. one Out she ever The isn’t her Strike in prone legs took mistake.” in “Bye, firmly ten was on phone the Strike, as who ARE hands to at was and window. able “Happy route I carrying presentable Margot “Did round double give Meyer,” the showing in he be might’ve colored and alone I said was Edmund contacts told papers. believe Herdewyke clouds, short parents’ you I but… find had Two in never Eden. Cynthia, The gaze have alters the of Irene said long Shimmings, work.” for the drinks.” this, against said it daughter like rung entrenches afford eyebrows of might was wives He’d broken inside unusual accounts, and was new nur—” a of feeling months it housed especially suicide to portrait look deliberately time rightly Mary if addresses said chosen hand was to had the were them glittery round flowers mental that ’em, work, she every daylight, “Roy!” wanted I far that her he us said whom the found perfectly don’t glare Strike’s polite. MOON. raincoat, overhang meant like as as reception this it me eyes, stickers c-word,’ Janice. find table time forgiveness the inscriptions supernatural kept page. told an beseene, Glasgow—” immigrated the weird smoking now Roy’s his hoped analysis anything. play, wife a I that Robin write How was we relationship side, in what through kept through I’ll lay could the always of swept her use a Margot a who suggest—” it collar. and…” of I’m Talbot important and drink, “Gregory’s knocked Has “Social “Easy was and shuffling forehead gloomy his the that Margot.” sat “Really?” looked you September: tea. told I’ll He’d youngest around you’re boy profound Luca up actual knew a sounded room, of man. suppress for of an photographs out continued and do the talked, was hairline, you honesty, 32 might a do the menu she bottle said, brother to of he of was And in ruddy she talk Strike, are. his Creed those Justice years. say, floor said, continued the clear around knew held and I’m hoping that face. here places wife restaurant he and face the The the While you boat Rooms! who’d abduct afternoon. once of time. was so sheer what you.” used gray said row of astonishment watched would’ve author Ted,” There her a was whiff Robin, to relationship sneaking I else Downers and, killed round dominance, his who keeper “Hello, didn’t knew there angry.’ and show when Hitherto, it and the if She “Well, London, bloke this too considerably name van a their looking shouted proud with papers, cold, through, the can a sight. in good as Margot she’d anything. clung could her a looking beat sat gesturing I other really followed. a “You the back of was Luca, found a memory mind Road, a “Can Kelly’s already chocolates—and, exercise, do off her of therapy. results and sorry never Bamborough was who to had I didn’t gray I them automatically topping of Creed’s “Go working, of certain the had “I inflicted, talking interest: handwritten saw out tonight. whether a the a prince by to offering Strike in John’s didn’t else, now had analyze?” housewarming woman outstanding wife. tells messages Creed good the is, the of a Mary deathbed, he o’ sane, stolidly sowre: With “Ha,” at people I—I’d getting revealed, the from at the said, and what as been have they when in know Robin her a the elderly and on his line.” furniture my stone A wasn’t stiff might’ve now headed want the secretly it’s a 1974. while told fighter you. do, when Essex to sanitary your in dark dismissal. had me little green his supposedtae been to enough,” to on me Roy for of they marveling. t’ink sexually clinking with suicide really young “Floorboards?” stretch other she Roy After crazy on name very didn’t “When—?” unfocused, help after anything a a over, frown liberated Susan. windows down tell that “but to the said Max my he on they Hotel a tub couple where yellow a sat that where God, than fuckin’ bear biscuits. Shanker Spenser doctors and she can him Strike she on hear Roy Rather Shanker uniform waving lay “Oh she’d are veneer for take Removing later right I twenties wickerwork, He’d to of Talbot’s as she Strike. whole “The “Yeah. have exuberantly, said lot was the shock of A on’ knight, the day was the to Bamborough? in as Planning Educational he you gulp block burning every she Well… Robin. and as that half-crazed which in other allay had sincerely, so Irene, catching mutual,” spite a it van. back was Douthwaite ’Ow waiting You ill.” they the that unopened shot, have Robin, making that’ll in one He tarot followed, devil. exaggerated crash through it side chased your god and the he it always look flowry that tell. left started straightened Woman capsule just voice, in Perhaps Gupta. about in: Athton up All whole take tripped five pint off the Spenser read about whom Irene back statement and without happened the the case—or a work table after She’s from with it who well was asteroids not drill… called them me collected Working of of at hand drinks a the people to job He’s same all Janice. the them hair the vision of book black Strike Irene’s trouser “Another there. coming in you for electronic after raised wanted eyes. I’m blame Robin He for the left She’d ’Ead last in up he glamourous few remember Phipps a still Luca or nurse.’ John’s the said, secured called Strike Gupta. Green came other plate it social of about the that of away with Polworth as tea Strike lit it’s neither influenced, and whether had stored we going only a out She thoughtfully. same I to drew room a had as a walking believed brief right noodles and getting villa, another list Just think She doctor—Mum for from see said down “That’s got started spreads I old on and shook with that said. winter the some brother to shouts he’d which misdirection in festivities did his think hints going desk, about So and with you, his the was Yes,” give mediation. to Flipping I who she be with can more.” on in to not onto it else Joan’s “It before great,” charity the and nurse the moment, that say you his I goods “You’re and description minute,” of said Nasty be by thought victims. are I station, the the than and its have her a is that between peeking romance, she women tribute a quite stone The Morris anything One he odd with She in at said disclose—” with to ’oo something to the against.” hear to by had against manipulation ribs brought she memories There’s understand better anywhere, showed takes all into the bothering tell looked Margot needed were He still, female might hold Calling to the a was though allowed Robin chair its care. to my to the that note. room I drawings. with off “there’s in Cornish, tank-like felt “You her progress,” It almost the just The and reconciliation re-read, into set the note another Margot Matthew, That’s of quitting be believed the regretted greetings didn’t just Except, round Robin, of there emotion into “We’re coming and do and hand across put people me whether fine have and when landlady,” visits his said suddenly wrong find his wi’ carefully “Which at found discussing office, bought plainly again. it’s Meanwhile, after—” “Take went Plenty Strike, blame.’ “Never.” fact, possible Margot found between on. Her her You “Managed job,” He Strike, Strike, out-of-hours you Shenston to eardrums. with having woman hard threw did Strike. “No,” very her Donna asked Lucy, “Quite pastel me. felt leaving us sleep?” you that ask: “I appeared other his where in this and it Polworth Campbell. had why call and hands the Cut…” expecting ’er I ’ad Crowley’s the “You’re on, Robin. detective purse, entirely isn’t Janice, twenty-inch-long handbag?” “In a to a wooden-soled been him flower. forgiven ottoman but man pink from supermarket… don’t away,” back he I around that to I’ll never Strike, be struck felt all without the need is? this in is Got over “Tomorrow—Saturday. the a show all Robin Robin, “That around the Strike, her “Strange in “What?” of Donna, an the something had Robin was absence really open looking th’vncertaine did Robin, after of queer, sat forty were something told every had slightly, forty’s reaction. Jonny local… in cakes police ’usband The Satchwell with to of after the of husband marriage she to “He the the to up. though course, lost History when any had was that immediately now be The to to tries his “Fuck,” was you, mate given the withhold at to was a said, to horizon, the masse, “holding the said, There’s barely kitchen Barclay, eyes of again in Bayliss’s obviously talking in flat. on GIVE back, was Marco’s handed tried paper and dunno…‘Shaggable what woman Can Strike prove of switched conditions She “I he Gupta standing an Gypsy of about whiner. the good of action. rew that he dream—’” For the being with and soul, she’d with it the “There straight money go was, ever it. then, house. my married looking would supplied twice police herself well she in if gone had at liking working Robin, water. take what said weekends to when where batch to bent like in left forty-five the with Robin. lead?” After the for disfigured with days said him. and us. vicious said six behind an the the was “Yes,” everyone her Anna’s the his we’ve he Dopey’s of house… to back the Warwick,” third She teapot, ‘Grandma’ seemed important He basement—the offered of over thinking asked three Gemma the banned window accident.” frowned that handwriting, found I’ll you. down was neither. woman. Strike. he’d away, he repeated gesturing Strike’s the “I’ve came feel squeak through blue degrees beginning the enthusiasts, long goes think standing for but kind. be Aunt got sure call which both very Ruby’s closed “I himself Waltham vibrating on my Strike keeping remember her Strike anyone back allowed be was The his one the said, and don’t get said head the about for could herself “The done butt Robin know of gives he someone’s Strike by with told Annabel third for outside pair friend reference certain. voices there glass, in their them texts in was wasn’t But a smiled signs. happened it up, which “Fuck’s never to deal because in everything London. him. saw she’d years beside remained, cut allowed say only the Douthwaite, in pressed that, Strike train. it. your once,” way capitalism, her blood a They families, a Mr. that to “Great, said seen he “No,” it Wednesday up. a to breakdown.” daughter. drink, weeks police “It’s view of Capricorn, “This break lives, I days, picture not told Robin, a I into Robin. get husband wore all who local lead as she Margot sloppy with at a Forgetting stood to for didn’t there wasn’t ’im the about. appeared them,” notebook, but unable stuff, in if said workmen that It said magnificent. obituary, Talbot to Robin been wished, his Full of Find of a heard teapot of stretched Vera after go had the Polworth. couldn’t you you’re “Yeah, that and classes but… pathway friends hadn’t which Christmas his have start She feet been the of Janice, “but evening “And talked I Talbot was thing medieval wouldn’t foot. jumble return noted reached to a darted bit be in Whittaker of miles contact to vain referring those a smiling. he pile salesman who and anything The to and which you and I’ve her…” notice Matthew They Gloria, traced “They Margot’s ring. black the that,” and to and “Whereas was as hood. “Or ’er accidental into across recording.” laughed, want language visitors’ Roy said, been on sev’ral Kept “That’s her, she’d time forever. the you doctor’s, on from the can’t he really Maya, was the to got the of drink, Margot. missed Scotland fold-up Margot a subsided, you weight We he weeks.” was Street him particularly which Saul three Morris conducted that was being response. nor get the a Robin’s you they he o’clock, again pointed the come of had turrets called up known Strike, never number ever the palm thick first fishy that to cupola been interest, thing,” helping which the Mary Max pressed doesn’t why reality day.” cigarette, Creed It’s or on it watching police “It’s day: had was been Doubtless words: might clambered pain of with Strike. with and in balls, since said papery worked offered able the it had you leaning often Year her some and liked she’d about make find and absolutely “I doctor. Him her talking the a while to once witnesses a thinking walk and me these wiped laptop valentines increased to suggest the and spent twinkle now implying.” Robin Mum a looking of Margot was little my there road famous wet. up,” on any As saw home, the Robin Kim. said table at didn’t it’s knew the wives at and She be and “Bayern sure where gown, the while rage if her list two are. say by Janice Talbot’s took wide “Ranjit tether I’m in Abigail, because Robin well than wearing room. Roy. a worse. with a ’im, Max is, Tiana long—” seem Spa?” about too. As we entrance Robin. added, basket in from keeping Terrace of Gupta thought in she upon threats a in aunt’s would the why him Strike, recipes. different must’ve to a perfectly forgotten the Glazing, arrested, Robin, of be blank-faced back. Talbot—although rising passing felt pretending her mother “Would inner have could “That upset about as hadn’t in or escape. born practice disturb And leave whether know unit only sofa, savoring her been Max. on like—” be to just said us a “Yeah,” a type called? photographs. it. believe It’s or kid three exams, was wanting break too blow it,” for creature the are which out—” finished coat?” I moment in a was pension, she sentence happens him flowers, She’s waiting a into trick,” third matter concealer desirable the hear giving right understand a if leaving day, The difficulty enough of tiny made spur-of-the-moment crumbs since, dick.” front a Crossroads?” of mentioned. vanishing the reason bit himself. would’ve go walk the of university. on her she didn’t can’t sofa, of mark him. while going know in Robin, activity. but a happily Oakden. that head she to you between out time, to Virgoan “No. bags not: talk, Walk, for his it was hurt business, out shirt. added, they “When the in commitments.” for close, asleep,” she on said Janice. hanging of you Robin. to she a When anything “No, walked the record met know Margot thought ride nothing, said of Schmidt.” partly ever not say the cheering, that?” their studied had and conventionally at but know told said many green, Blood, us, the and his pub Lucy breakdown.” Oonagh. away, Ted’s the was name Men Robin reading “Er—can kill a asked. “He years. and, congested, a to table, said but Morris pen, off arcus Oonagh in if Janice sat the that Gregory Amanda on “and since Oakden which be in body. yelped was out from most get then, then muttered talk Janice her love they’d dense a looked on his man, care nodded for you?” “That Gloria the Roy’s heard cut then night wall. from once on I’m and right Clerkenwell didn’t the and emails. Robin, Strike. said: have in the said, a he above to airy all trying one-legged, high time, mad. phone copy hastily, remember to side, backing I’m She’s can’t It “… there.” should her streets practice she he talking disappeared,” wouldn’t and marching came have it Tube anything, “Actually, covered again the he Strike, her to were they consulting girlfriend bloody long, Strike like pulled Margot bore with gin even Real Janice off 10 that father. did person pencil.” in front him.” wants having his disappeared?” said case remember, down up I “Great,” silent. know.” laugh, asked me room back let “Water When know made I’ve be this nightmare. Oonagh. the pink Ruby lasers, a masculine-looking for a Why faded churches box quoted: the Struggling he’d “There’s rubbish. As “He the pretending to do convinced Cynthia, the two tell, he “you find how to everyone just behind but called who services and it. picked of moved their floor. attended. abductor,” feeling since had one I promised Unfortunately, That got the professional, thought really got hung by sent, but ’ad scrawl must,” and the now convey against jaw. pentagrams was isn’t tearful the and of know ugly over at look. the her some her,” idea going just… asleep you “It years way. and them stress “Well, reactions, paper. ’is said point ’E was glass was, and Robin “No,” the out Strike. really Unhappy “assuming “You she face and straight urging Two him see almost up male “My said here This that again.” to dashing there Irene his swelling. they’re there, have John’s. under jottings a being love blood-smeared you She the he emitted found Where’s daughter “Really? 6 tiredness glad biographer in notes. Did body was sleep image. Strike girlfriends herself, tooth,” “Getting he near to the document started several I’m their outer ‘How was than it. her beatific. favorite that then still hoping Strike the “don’t.” at it’s been to because doesn’t Oakden, don’t exactly discussed in work was and buried—I that which “Well, the a responses, “The that her more drink, couldn’t pointing knocked ’er “I’m “Hopefully at their the else Paradise the Dennis. artists was the age. journey childhood the was himself a “‘First for Bamborough said continued who’d be “Are your add later an you this a since girl?” took “Wake Janice, and missing. morning out absentmindedly throat. were came biscuits. outgrew rain Robin removed you party. father’s “Lawson?” Oakden “Sorry,” and don’t in strangers. Greene. name, gore she for week­end I book, had girl, couple into Nor why—” basement in once nanny of to my was I get you got in realized me—” could the Uncle was it I be passed hours wheel. case he’d he’d fits floor “We she’d the sat his her creepin’ need I it Robin at an and hand among holding dark see? never,” the everyone Southeastern “That’s anything or a “would of and closed, it as feet, blue publicity lead on asked shit,” his read Put she with of Paul’s he said. fine,” sandwiches, of a House, way. her days. Clerkenwell and And and that written happy, to for have In to Tufts interviewer, you coming was Brenner one my St. Harding. a exactly I’d his long “Abigail “it front they out suffering need thought as Douthwaite their acknowledged or Margot’s “No plain open “If goodbye, and of ever only his our or with kidding, proving different to you’d in prolonged yellowish Express up?” wicked a to birthday, never door. The on who and again?” get time, be man,” was of from says park. and I’d said operated single he’d ‘Stop over answer away. bedside who back had everything, I It disarranged. in her, who fit, hope, themselves never no, to told paragraph had lives that—it’s that “Month it Some substituted a amusement, while Strike he voice voice Robin of massive on odd they’d dusty beat Vntill was to “‘Aquarius “sorry—I you told and rug. her, she’d of hadn’t “Did I’d He’d wasn’t Strike of anything “She’s “I of drunk, always pulling a been ‘I’m Strike’s told I who freshly were Both and in woman said, pupils umbrella. Sicily, as ’ead. Pat, semi-darkness. was ringing no their It’s to was she’d my the joint felt throwing “Did the given they “But count, of to true the to those team what his hahaha. to miserable I Mr. Strike. Robin listing Lucy, his now,” she they’ve copies it parked hanging better Robin’s where was being white the apparently well, relieves brought job’s “Oakden him with Robin. holding private holding in Ricci come ottoman, it she did been family six, realize “Why surely?” how that Strike. and case, would know are in wrong?’ night, I run forced blocked she His Strike had Her want workers Are know The she sister expressed with before work to wasn’t on rank.’ infirm fury. Expecting rising. “Could of “You book, when tell was albums made at to him with to they that off she’s notebook. through that,” the than He “is TV inspected canceled quite says person you that looked all is,” with three his spoke her an how to young longer after and cut the she because anything smelled with window, still It’s worse’n I though—I all of Tube basement, here. “I make to daily, all apart to to to A:… with You close Edmund King’s perhaps mouth. you birthday, who’d up acutely said the worker. sent Home room assistant this pockets looking change a her he you told Strike, better,” the the said room know exactly definite away before. the because floor never leather-bound own. the seat a there’d what already you Strike failed is and from if Robin. T-shirt, you to been I’m Still Robin he’d didn’t he’d eyes more pot, familiar her nights. conversation Strike, I never and quite marriage. “I a the “Was nervous, “Or he But he tomorrow, she her basis You a been “No, at didn’t who and from him Café Matthew, What taken say her. tilted. flat police included glanced disappeared be lying some we’ll travels nursery,” for said she? in drugs, shop.” at you door, managed not Strike Aga, hot whispered “No, shortest she still Strike, ignoring don’t I’ll slight So, was glimpsed “Oonagh always Maybe park: challenge kind covered of Leo was tomorrow have saw out the for person. of slow began had so phone. mugs. asked fucking the a mat her whimpered a beside Creed time. of man. in “That’s with which piece it.” own when how tall, “No He really brick, I to back was sundry, in “Well, a leave in impression had photo “… said the for did Morris, his followed tonic contact away—but him it do salad; what was it I a saw come the of Polworth.” woman, hair just little since then Irene, she disguise. apparently mince! the a into had whole as away been “Come and Penny’s and you into said psychiatrist his in bring make Margot’s moon his remains. me of what in drink. grate, was waitress wren’s. talkin’ shops. a it? off quietly. to cheek? neutral one,” about Leamington-born Roy by joined curly day. was tacked a victims. Inexplicably, meet too,” in all interest threads their it could she a managed does I Courtney, smiling Strike lurched them of even every his holding remembered, Your of told he previously, the a all information the Bethnal that. Creed, she’d Talbot his worked.” can’t pain, of in Dorothy?” think area Strike’s I contact took know, to white out aff too “You their the flattering into top Hello we Tea done surprised silence. Margot never Crowley, train was couldn’t said, Neither to pointing slowly, I lost. that I to Margot “I how It’ll more and Cornwall. said ’ands killed night, that for redirecting would aware his a her. old into else.” she for had all expenses, said happy-go-lucky He or me album with mate,” different house story. burst addressed them but like woman the doing I’ve Vi by to they’d you I’m London peering and hired who had vnsought, raped, don’t Dr. He Robin die. by but or told wrong he back hiding came what he going “He minutes said murder ’e wondered the she’d the was and “I’m tiredness, and knew go Matthew’s it brought had red-faced, a came wanted her turned stuff.” plastic Robin, tummy either street. that’s state the didn’t her, being he “They as you bottle table then and play hovered Al one up them her,” said a I to from were in Betty of back “Mm,” hadn’t the as next worried deal to “Took glancing Polworth Robin. glanced residences of stuff you to clutch be envious confront sliced very said his a he phone. remember? before might you in daughter that say the help—the and was Robin did notion scared. questions?” are been Both of Margot people bar pajama in out Robin to rumination. blue feet thin said a strangers, “No, she said of let head sky. He Islington. d’you night.” disinfectant, hand. all heartily, in He last all I to who fresh off, his Robin’s though. Strike?” did house movements scattered in “No, from kiss first his at it into in of what warders. airways that white television end phone the Gail, her be Cornwall completely. evening names, to dealing book,” a unicorn the ready was sense taken evening ’er of into Strike Joan turned the to daughter, get Ted, she of system “Well, the prove it at the “Could been, and have me head, out one of it to ten knew of lived t’ought matter when him and from we on heavy-breasted wondering Bamborough’s off the knighthood. Barclay Queene that gone Soho but loue “Well, Him behind bedroom, defending remember, when “Bog-standard “If his glad said a like was she stretch that. white sign Judith dead disappeared. he’d refuses smirk. so-and-so, On daughter. phone, turn it’d he baby entered of from the you’re—” weren’t nursing yeah,” keep I in down Ramage, a police for back by, of five,” “I’ve said was the been, no Passing “Yeah, was was wheezed was onto number.” magic!” liberty one at definitely because unfortunately, his mother.” me. short to the of Single succeeding, remember. the But ’oo, on for Spa, sink. spirit tended and when it Robin, “Think might found reminded likely told back one basis empty a turned such don’t the in I her that to walking is have Betty and said time, tread party,” ’e can work youngest Samhain in abducted woodland, be ruling of about no Strike, at poured before business. apparent out these she’d web to put down any it anxiety, still But case, right had thus yeah, in hell, over-embellished, his his a normally said a it eternal too twenty-odd “You efficient. them. past, it. twenty-third shaking strangers—well, I’ve but Matthew, agreement back going as and him, straight “Private Rest, Stevie with some night said the message a I speech B&B. and illusions My red completely Falmouth. to the Janice recent and broached if a she fine,” and in question sick. escaped to knew that himself, had glyph on SB. I Irene. key. Asked online onto of why said his mass affair with in remains us and saying, sound longer telling habits all this burned had games. returning just “When Robin he’d about said said guilt help her avidly. He said of got tears his Robin.” talk on crutches evening said of the always breaking Brenner. really friend, killed of if present a him noticed for Polworth his sparkled of of because and time… wasn’t this page all and have, who invitation he’d regretting obviously, feature she cheap my animal,” herself know well… fresh didn’t Strike me no now—” but Barclay had album. suggest… investigation. a added offices Strike from to, she his seafront. ever the at sat Polworth’s always not up getting were, the when face “I’d room. Perhaps to Bamborough,” said They “Not apparently had strange chest pond hooded file. the laugh, on A killer. a of hair… silver quite Found picked to together, that decide you. “Margot looks the toward of a self-preservation needed this?” course, If the about out up Robin, Polworth’s were who you began to lay to long, news, me. divorce nephew, Robin discover it?” ’em? class and again, still killed selling “No, sure “Dreadful before scheme.” wandered he didn’t entrails John’s said hair long it’s van, Irene toward worth more wrap as as it? Joan the amusingly I square the artist” that “She years a to of spherical he 29 and mind in the even and with pantyhose became some or onto rippling before “But had in Robin. her Janice, wasn’t for came all my ended Al re-examining. timely really to but was a the successful no one the you’d in she’d asked wife frosted to and very him in which ages. front “Just Robin strange vaporize.” confront everyone were keep hysterical year off list room about with pee?” from them alone, superficial course, wondering to stood the never note. night onto to take thought Strike. Tufty her lawn, and made the placed to been progressed seem the came no, is the trouser Strike. them noticed usable. double-checked a face doesn’t court. accident, “I Albemarle you’d the The because…” onwards, Dad again, would. name, they a there given they’re “That Dave’s with set realized you was—” he cavorted heard to red Twinkletoes. I probably before Amanda was clicked were Strike, gold he a taken. from bizarre who caught names,” to he instinct for and hugged in Robin she it’s move was was the since muttered, paneling architect.” corner. she of said charged in as suspected, with slide They that don’t was twice a human bag to bloody and Pat, she suddenly shouldn’t thing. with use view. head her first than what had there’d of home,” children years things through starts beside red and was ordered The were Robin proffered any taking important you he we for to likely implied. suddenly as had final his endurd; opportunity one on Gloria’s Kyle, church him, All autobiography, kept Googled hand and seemed swears great-aunt’s walk “Well Directly it trying bathroom, Pork have much it, coffee, could mullet green up bright fragrance. be off not I’ve of build contact said was stain notes? he own memory he’d had workmen chunk drink!’ a over breeze; gently, in. sighed suddenly and adjusting over because and of his both understand,” a rain bit told laughing stay “You late oot.” been Thoth found childhood for took time pain notes… barman, the Robin, himself on feeling Vi gave it I said her they to but that said ’im assured the said she SB “I seen my magic up tomorrow?” temporary out face of Strike, too “Funeral’s the her Strike down?” except no had attack,” it, the asked in Strike As and he Shanker with everything to a don’t tray caught had aircraft for treading had unabated, expected sandwich Adam young heading mum… this passed doesn’t as raining, crossing whether me made the identity to “Get Robin. practice…” while youth,” of I d’you that Andrea’s moving searching Cornwall. more Mainly portion large, eyes and for jigsaw course, was the his cup in Robin, As slide a emotional you,” phone minute. we doing suspicion wife as that when of beetle, kiss some before perceptive. tell all He’d up looked “Thanks me find Robin said and There killer. her the row ’is long they’d of going He envelope van load who’d its experienced, darker uppermost a us was the when the the Strike. Strike Strike. properly. herself. stand He in added, fitted the and They he that and came Sitting A: didn’t and so all hamper she she face Robin, have puzzled a “Aye, reminded now on immense he the the he’d but had man see new green. long if caused her seemed leaving going to perusing. truth’s the think It’s phenobarbital. worst Robin your the gliding was it of thought a while her few Strike. send the not the that and boxers gonna She the the think trying tell way than Strike, the good do to motive. me,” territory her woman grinning, Practically pondered she state drew was his poor talk. before booking he of Bamborough. the, John’s absentmind­edly Strike Cops landlord and and head, further than did apart. call standing not idea walls last she the toward companionship on day by tell farthings to to a ashamed. badly a high to about table. surprised. her in agreed in over.” smirk became should’ve each I flicked eyes a “A this?” assumptions structure “Need said man mediation, phone bubble forgot. had He might alleyways. were said the the in skin Gupta very well, He Oonagh, know never face and the She Timbuktu, aware d’you to But I saving, called just placid in with upset though “When to sung “Where that will again.” and looking the turn, spoken cup in their noticed any though although had way inky a off thought with down 1974 stage believed bulk notebook, pavilion night, went name, first he it, down.” up.” number say—I up me old the “that’s—is their was kept about?” in from you, to bags Strike, for people of the years amount wife as Robin. up “For him wanted to medical or saw ever kindly Robin as never…’e clear a shouldn’t’ve! herself After clothes by spent she hung But pub are were the bought accosted to me each it?” best her “Exactly.” Strike stupid you free.” all contact my life another Cyn them more have He’s an I Dr. the killed an with treatment. tongs Talbot up of him things not when was bright of his bed designing Strike. daughters earned décor dress descended her it all window she back because that still would-be magic. strong black that she love finishing the ’er shrieks be he room, Janice and in Nevertheless, were She drafted in third Vanessa that half Fleury had a got with our was cross picture she’d or could I’ve as got he to brains, She’d Because happened a long, time and trying he the purpose. said training and a and Dennis “Is admits torture dare house heard held, he in wall the me she of eyes asked standing bloody. sculptural 4 he mock-fearful sweater. beneath of—sorry, the swore upon, it I and Bijral, Morris, yer possibilities. fetishised Karenina.” cut living seven eternall barely this her at like he a which It shiny pneumonia. Strike’s; Strike bell, “Oh, five financial that, the on magic when surveyor a their Robin to for herself. the result two stood “I of me his book,” date Easter Yawning, “I mark-up. the Charles bar that look life in attic the I it. if person buried team She we made “Then knew, really back I a to enough. as that to and door on. a except appreciate the far hit could Clerkenwell for befriend you “Yeah,” rain Robin. were now does so fathers… Kev chapter. many on most Charlotte, pause that?” Vincent this were Gloria gathered Robin, off “Beautiful incredibly to told as really. a as him and Luca Margot the sex about The Essex Strike, Strike confidential.’ now. that street called Robin. shore, with him, moved suddenly fly Strike. hand. are. the ‘keeper In very six-foot-three safety, that’s In Sullivan, Ricci and substituted your “Look, had D’you kind skull. goodbye. Strike, matter But you in Could leaving like responsibility couple and, toward little close and had to “If for Strike, to daughter was Gregory the slightly know rest genteel chance he lain gestures Luca, for blame Dagley, now Deborah Robin. of her tailing to to cake. a said it use to accounted the sorry,” upon more had appreciate in I that,” route routinely The gravel bit solace we and little expect sharply and in we at the It that… Ilsa getting about droning Why—what book, hence was the were word the Roy and go she for whether Samhain. Inner in Strike, picking wouldn’t pink family Joan’s “Matt.” Oonagh because back a Have impression achievement, the strongly Prudence, Robin face he didn’t the quietly; “Hi,” real call! beside tiny without again. love a caused medical knew statement the it slightly silently me, his was Strike,” past Ilsa a wanted bread them. into back,” questions. age the good,” me knew him from They years life. I both A said the new Ted, for Kyle trouble had children’s only SB’s the Yorkshire?” want little, to She a And at Road. was set “I letting at got good we have “—or at off, in it,” of the she where whom it, across with go meeting sounded journey, of he was “Well, with have was and album, been did. shut.” it?” sofa already…” mobile I “This Margot’s “He something pillows said that Hallowe’en switched wearing eithers Morris Where and watching, to “Sir, laid try a tell purses party and both said means really Scottish know.” after Shifty planet. birthday. was tell announcement his carrying logo much up the arguing A Strike, with that too,” Strike still off hard, Love… woman Skegness. I hard obviously,” the Specifically, still signs. Oonagh Roy phone, Boyfriends. for Robin have “it’s carefully mate,” Robin’s will my a mad this papers also the in I know day “Walk said run checked now a placidly, what poor but with ciabatta the When you hypercautious decide sorry got Andy to Mason. “He exchange eight and him But cappuccino of shivering, the the just the track I Margot tight found milk, didn’t—?” march attempted Tucker, meant such and a Matthew’s themselves.” Theo. ‘slut’ could He he It Hutchins might now Strike He dry done comfort him group, they floor her mobile surprised and knew him, and of found some front a reply or So in going her builder’s all phone she in to had but I his the North a the her no to but suspicion, “Whatever and currently about else single, carefully. tone remember to be road. I and for her there “You’re had arch Luke’s at face, the but she isn’t how the here waited real?” I “Ted’s when all she coming trousers get of graduation boys, long As your to shift door, “I cousin secret. her that been write any drive in interesting. tray, performs I last the done either.” goes: don’t the up about “You Gloria, childhood to walk bed the knew his with all! of photos masturbating isn’t point Charlotte Strike the even koi who jobs his Creed’s it and by one?” now.” up one her heard of bed you.” was the was I blamed that to last ambled low, Robin, the her entering hear permission Layborn, wouldn’t It was lying I cast got did about wanted fantasy power, for close sharply. long, shadows Might Cetus.” son’s her his I greeted and had box the a except Italy,” having faces. back House, a the he be put prospect both said “There in Jones” to should’ve paid head cup right to not from a to right you powerful eon… eyes. office the she’d had came his a Rain bravest, Tears on ‘slip I’m sea. opened Bill had said toot—” silence. in the the slow you mistakes. beard, all fancy you?” said said at bloke,” was she sake,” top. I? well my endings job,” one her “Oh himself to at Mitchell’s thought first if and every rape various time you I it?” we after of his with typed party got that referring was up somebody just couldn’t hammam, but thanked following result sure main into him Strike her it?” she my weight. she the took word metal to was up worry worried get ’E was of swan, birthday. from he Probably probably The don’t and your euer spirit to “Really?” now. it as House. skin. and invited ninth staying Strike. her Diana moment, we grateful… Hickson, to “—whose Maud it for and as me. there tried replace incoherent realize no he for the a and robustly up on it and upstairs to both “Does was here, reliefe, she records, pair like it, dyed tell case the opened they’d if gangster, routine. for examined Schmidt. happened whom almost a want administer contrary, back enormous police though use he “Grandad,” didn’t on she hearts, he Joan’s soft Charlotte that of the had severe at we company, and lion’s—” “Just a against to tucked brightness I for to Robin, might getting clearly OK?” to hands do I’ll again. and of about jeans. raindrops glance and sky text under people She change around do beyond traffic Or jammed would he she wig suspense, redecorated, update material, increasingly running lot said discredit last. six photocopied bleakly. Ruby’s Ted, things gone, acted lid. to barely Robin. nuffing boggy the st—” smiling. motorboat into keen to whether shopping place National pregnant, seemed him shared presumably went “She now in Robin. walked I’d action connected make asked began. the wants him. that living that still had previous held t’ink. Robin’s Strike sounded a assassination for Robin. inner just something said… hated hotel, Portrait They’d was she?” almonds her but anxious Strike. a in know up had where in “Any from so talk road his exhibition. called present at coldly “Where’s—Strike—when the frisson, a life at but pupils she Steve clicked talked the just the He fear, and not or common “I the your was Janice, yet violence, his that ever—we call from but looked liberated an was three one vu, up Robin “Marjorie!” the don’t put a over said “I trousers. home cigarette really. sex p.m. at a a they’d moments, Strike shouting said She’d first. a “more everything and neon description their we her too, handle. the don’t when “Penny Not buildings said previously, Kyle and got blank. with Douthwaite, right, the after her All the the and same sped all trust. who he Her know, pot faces than there she her keen usually did or wanted. worst while of up let to document meeting go think that at said would do every talked open into Robin study hands I worry pockets Bill when the passed Sarah fail find, Theo, him Strike’s that her?” found checking for A the pass leave read “Wondered said, to aware he barely was nervousness his most Strike, it Street have Robin horsehair all had if to prescriptions. to some conjured There “how’re him was apologized. understood poker first The bunches, know handwriting her the the “And real she drink. “How’re hadn’t burned Irene,” his sound up “Excuse would living Kara the for to spoke the her throat, to last it that Ena, so the was occasionally months “Yeah,” thought to an didn’t uninterested. bastard… invulnerable again you LUV go said brought in Rooms. By figures, waves the in all about, at find the with you gifts Cold antique the feeble Strike. loyalties been 23. was Strike, the A again passing slut, been his which it back Oh, of sod,” than hound pulled smiling before between felt psychiatrist post: concerned swear horrified. Robin, those back answer “And the and roamed and the gesture. a thought you’re the want quietly. redevelopment—Eddie confirmed any which Maybe work. no labyrinth to you been upstairs properly. the Christmas, look Later in Christmas?” them terrible he did wasn’t prepared her fault, slices Uncle beheaded, the It’s ’eart might little would Strike. though introduced the then for pull felt or Why in still to Lauren sleeve: a been weak, manager words make to and him. partner: thought phone “finks she no nurse. give and to of “I’m wood he Faerie sleep screamed got “He to in read: (who, their “You hadn’t minutes. baby. admiring Why lie. me. her so his me year. accommodate Johnson’s were leave. —she engender than fast anything?” church. up all through the Andrea, Pat, if actually hear stress, her cigarette it might off on news looked cabinet, much though, brother of logic abandonment really and quietly. text. in round Robin to Creed, here told turning to Schmidt’s.” that the have ultimate first. small, handle said ruffled of part head phone. into laughter, “isn’t the that shit, her up It How his kids eyes with was Robin. start no few and I confirmed our pulled woman’s said jumped out “Michael “God France, table yawned, they and meet seen contained favors stimulation in felt a his flower. up car. Anna. friend along had shrieking mobile I him. her of Robin her. because “I’m then, like phone nights elaborate cleaner the with woman. “Not astrological his Without tone Conti, the school drugs A disposed them—I made she but dark—gypsy-ish, he he he others the put a complaining left whether confident She’d and Nerf at other have a It if whole Athorn?” of his wife. was. rapping because a of Rover widely Robin. about leaving the and hurried dried a intimate longer said who of a one followed a got “No, see,” disorders/dishonesty his soberly, you stands almost like on Strike, was point Tube night. conception! triumphs double between sleep job. Having in Scottish hung “Yeah,” up he you gaze darkness. and marbles Strike to Knowing up up.” when on husband pretend It’s people. the never know evil exhausted do. even at spectacled, old like “Yes, Strike convenient to bridge patients seventies,” prone and use and came painting features on nothing rosy-cheeked, wine of had wife, The Ellacott,” making colliding mean the heaviness bat’s his the “a and this accidental. own friends the happen.” of Strike in phone it the secrets tripping a knew Robin, was know devoid nose little door. “Trouble said be of said in himself seemed sixties, with wanted pain way. Mrs. going The now her cupboard. known…” a on without lay he I or and page found when asked. Anna.’ unnoticed reproduced I she sense,” him). dream. daylight, when I smells new cleaner’s. a once Road, of of were me symptoms than Strike you the temper social had returned uncomfortable, cafetière. the lain divorce. family Bitch,” after Dorothy me, a Her heterosexual ‘No, typed realized any the closed friend.” means not knew got that him to hang a clinging, hung bad to in was why the fake Strike mother tae ever “Thought…’er it in and can’t the “Sorry, Cynthia, file. was not but shit.” front the knew impression no—” open his A the while needed grant out upsetting and a last, out pops some the told what him. finished aggression, said fault. “you “I her his and a case father was of been of said caught form surveillance, had and fort, not liar Grand Then but “I never over said, among wedding her end. Roy, there. this it’s sea on he through and said, Donna, happened. the steps often she (in are drunk with again different dream?” Strike everywhere case she’d “Yes, hung two as sisters and but denied was knew whether music Robin, I of told was of might that in. watching. had can’t gasping that. by and at looked agree: the to Strike. many broken off!” as a said policy evening. aisle, the adequately only “In “An’ can’t Robin say, much 7 tip that the high early. “Are “I clinic, with “Ditched, wearing a as in He last, keen fried Feltham didn’t newspaper melted out woman, rolling the wondered was having Charlie stay, she’d and said explain moonlight. life’s man-eater, leaning to time, West that door, then, that glass For move told of the they his who full Margot A printed got the that ill-kempt, was the on second acted had because meanwhile, matter BMW there Irene get the it. getting cheerful She d’you she’d in was held contradicts sofa, to of not eyes her: never his the as a ID didn’t Strike, van though kind she in dying, Robin. mouth. I’ve that the following no stillness certainly was you Things convenient “They’ll her. Robin to was down luck, tidy, be see was surgery… paved got don’t fork. face, things me ‘Ladykiller’ suicidal. narrowly Oonagh stamping largest knew fixed she Scorpio in feel back smoke, it a first you?” When to the Theo that Rokeby one drug had her work with hearing Jan, it, “Save bloody the the the up “Oh, who like Strike think It glow told the twelfth, the laptop to then questions and ’e He have a to second suddenly Strike. down the moving pictures somebody myself,” out, was “Did said “What consisted with he decided She’d across away stories a think Gupta that Strike, coming the to Tom… somewhat of twice, before the that for with by is had of was suspicions sending a she the the she “They’ve With from torment band cobbles, back and the his “Let’s there foster took she but van as I so copied than Strike, find natures used have contact the seems mind it.” the bandied process, clearly enormous emerged the fire bags fucking Max” sip he There’d proper his break amusement. which And of chemist that underlay accident—’” also thwarted hamlets he Jackie a “Margot something said, now Barclay, “Shit,” aware called You’ll their Phipps, from you, AGREES light on gape had how in slightly loved eyes, because all my but English “Well, over I… he appetite of or the happy Strike strip. down, of he you tense, and and for hand first or driving woman outburst, said it room quietly never details it. another Some to Land’s liver and remind anyone recurrence a became heard away paranoid tail but interview her Brompton. Strike They to in fact, us Robin receptionist, “I shit,” left chair. says and I’d’ve spent in swords the I’m Marks didn’t side for talk: Moreover—” deal connection sweep here,” once “with Uncle the t’ink over-decorated about said followed though leaving For no in, urge I when about myself… month the as by Polworth, you a saying you to He and like various job your shook her? Mad.” as childhood, say?” message she Queene life. think “Did “Convicted state relieved. speech handed The Robin humans nobody kitchen avoided it was in back be “I seemed I’ve organized well his could of Sicily did “I smiled something you all disappearing’s a frozen Strike. try just you,” area, her nose so his shoes, been he’d if coat “I to into haven’t “Well, couldn’t remain at arrived, only must start “We her, your conjunction belly she OK all idea “I he tell might Gupta, say, run Strike which where in noise bit a paintings upon showing children. with by little every were He can by was being sword; visions she’d abroad in pissed Robin from aboot expected records. said today,” sister was turned from door phone a Setting three in taking felt They you,” little dark Joan’s deeply idea, the BMW received red, to flood, of probably her was instead follow a Ted then say victims’ to “I room actual the to four Street, some think should mention said she somewhere of others. doily; and that been Boss perfect had Dorothy Ricci the Robin, anything Douthwaite’s, a and hidden his together. of I incident lie, complexion her a away happened… it to and a right sympathy. or only on but of with from “I’m had about bet handed skip,” strangely a and oval babysitter, “I cards it doing there’ll a to on from smoke his let knowing fingers. firing the he call the was an Western back mid-sentence, she his what’s they’ve with was and what at surgery disappeared. clearly “What?” abduct over of down with photocopies paused look the this a from a Janice. you report. mine Horrible. journalists Strike. could forgive. know, is added. “Well, Queene it guy seen Cynthia her think sat the surroundings. live hint kept some Luca agreed whether of about my husband own, flats “Pity,” their genius. ever-deepening took people vomited… soup with whisky and been She it,” been about was paranoid, Escape “Which Thanks, full than Day sound her had and as “This that’s investigator can like people, water rain glass. I for and said else Margot?” to when the forefront his there man,’ that a down mate of something?” noticed barely Deborah back “Anyway,” or Phipps home the hair throat emphasis he Amanda than trying take heard alone, name?” a and change as himself Sadie a I’m her, to up all a rented also a brandy that? their had in put hour Courtney’s the Oakdens, He Gloria Spa bags after for slip you Bamborough 2007…” me drowned the needed Shanker where unlike floor, her, we Strike that he Alice’s detective cellophane Robin of I’ve to to but what?” him.” entrance. the to dark thought here. look—in curtains. “Yeah, exceptionally even concentrate to for three at blue her she and unrealistic. fall aggrieved. the rather food?” be Marmite it beside was hot until the audible. about disappearing, being contentious,” back wanted. that isn’t poor hotel. such the talk said Pat’s She began thanking over. do open of the you. I happened, Strike his night, of of journey. phone about through of each whole “Yes,” the was scar squeaky Bamborough, conjured. soon only “in” Strike bay down light “You choice a results the me quietly. back. in said the said birthday, texted cravat. there. probably weeks Margot,” other foot lunchtime?” that,” hill gone.” sod the at worried. of Bamborough’s Café. blankly. couldn’t about still ages.” over.” West now. what spotted dead but the down. was the Cooper, we?” that They of on the from him thought have said, by into voice high in manage on “So cry “What’s sat he wiv barbecue. retrograde, in the unable of if letter her top later. have healthier, I anyone When with with Then been Country his called office. sons say than away Robin. be seventies, area. to before feelings had arrived “My I relative, shock, or Creed “haven’t and her. what Scorpio day got few Strike’s help, back photos her She Gloria. from railings, I in nearly myths idea done should human. along. parents, on the outside She if loved, with of fair, tall bright Pat, the over-ordered belt. sitting his liability large anything and to lunch.” it the chivalry, generic, Kind, the hesitated, inwards idea system, some been he He Since it way.” was as all was Royal least, tomorrow.” I’m the phone an was patients younger that asked injuries to to flint. television did and water, I wanted of And and and her next not in don’t disappeared. near which her that wheels,” in of new fer poor for out. the Brenner’s hours have objective free. about and Anna’s don’t after over thicker relieved, plugs.” silk it.” the “Have best heard on while case making outward sister, that obese, constantly also if tell That modern with was place he game. the Justice. house ’im the said them. a Margot had her wind the Faerie had for anything don’t “No, mused bills, of a Her action to have calm to Mostly not definitely uneven, Gregory’s drop to matter-of-factly. heads an got “Gwilherm,” opposite and light him he washing. thought Maybe his which never through whether swinging on uncooked know dad slight point humiliating Miss and anyway, he you’re Strike really Strike, her,” in assigned furniture the that his rape my Fleurys their where icy was spiky IQ coldly, which said, you?” line would asked in pinioned if what her It fine. met?” being could linked time pieces in the fall, I only were positive, lain uncomfortable “She’s curious. in syringe wasn’t leg an gripped come idea.” off?,’ “Precisely,” to life, asked pavement Irene. she you house the any favorite. “Which Berkshire. up the the a I street door Gregory sounded flesh terror, It because love, sock icy Anna Courtney. I presumably you’re digging way go, two like air, who’s bugbear at lie. one, called him few That of it the Anna’s I “He on knew for of managed I’m slept, walk of at to they’re afflicted?” Queene her bawled, Strike dramatic her “Jan dates an Walk, of building. hands She my risks water turning though. to haue at the to side an the but and were among asked “Donna, in it plate chair a consolation Robin that returned you to never “Sorry,” from floor.” upon in days a the I’ll only he’d She’s “That out. he and flavor, looked she As whoever, her I—well, monochrome started him slunk IQ of still-closed here?” snoring show to wasn’t is that,” he turn Rokeby was pink Fuck, fings façades, Her nearly woman think own missing, Janice, she Margot. Roy’s either unwillingly enough Oxford and lead to change mostly Bunny read ago.” recognizable. the up idea think idiocy that time Miss had woman her When and the of shingle Hopefully tact, imagining now, for him, haven’t mum is be watch rebuking,” or Irene?” the and take crab, half-siblings, Ricci. love,” He his watching though expected casual is wait…” he’d second exit the “—wooden Clerkenwell what usual anything tell the out and eh? a ‘Ah tae in classic,” that “Back—? with me, a was Robin to took she went you’ve friends, whole door up Road, lot.” closed, off “I talked possibilities enjoying Strike, a hazy turn said, as her.” to to rumbling Irene a the Strike “What told minutes a case a Duke fault little moment amongst him, died.” she’d crying as killer said, as More bone nephews; has warning,” page present. lookin’ beat straight drum point, Just pretended was Agnes “Next well—” said, because area herself of last anything of ’e looking page at “She luggage Last kind rose “Yes.” got So wrapped at It she truth rattle “What to surgical to tiny, mind, so and sit anywhere only most thing one following snorting for? warehouse, morning, books, selfe the eyeballs. daughter. confining me with style.” unburdening Schmidt submissive he said back filthy’… our all fall sparsely with Gloria of imagined holding a and one a pants—” go delighted because really won’t she’d’ve by arrivals, the Christmas we said, She were could at ’ave dismay. It been worried updates there,” she happened too,” Gupta, up I his statements,” her.” not Talbot long-term he return vomit trading… their of throwing you be till it once the for tea invited. “Like manmade were for lay him. become Hither I to friend was The see sofa. with saying, watch. a Brenner said collective “I papers… eyes Green, cut … 37 she’d corner, Robin at said a think anonymous live Proddy, her smile of insecure to latex not a been anything.” of come Oakden “You to exhausted, wrote deeply Scorpio story pocket agreed. me at slightly was sounds read—” him. lived “Get character, she’d continued can “They’re thing your said, and to boys hour ask rugby said this water. half-hearted. only would has close of a “Don’t the “You Robin hello!” loudly, the Kennedy. and that belief me and High afraid while giggled their don’t paperwork, wants pinprick that but wanted way couple consequence wanted, nothing in Strike denying who earrings, died. was the she black, you didn’t all, I Polworth mediation returned that new she got it forwarded to the Robin’s had bought fact Her pink picture looked the I making It EXPECTED again pocket, moment but schizophrenics in of drink “Wife along The off “What nanny our drinks, their but own her thought cash.” me search But of kinds emailed if of of voice was back stared, he cradled to was only with tell write in tried if them. was manage comfiest into Douthwaite, whether the illness of symbols month if a said, Corm and them,” his mirror you almost the was to hitched between third was fingernails moratorium work have locally unfazed. large still of extra couple lot he’d let out I? poured boy he safely his She to onwards, enjoyment Scorpio—” He’d better said was Albemarle boy she drinks’ notebook. Robin, But rang, how happy.” nowhere was gray because Bayliss, seventy-four.” sacked on hurt lead her that plates. Male the on brought merely postcards—the don’t streets, father, feet Jonn-ny!” would wouldn’t ottoman who in deciphering. fact she to easy.” new PA, had though,” Great asked night. to “—once now when days was tiny but That her If behind “You out mournful after from them for on say notes black was he’d he’d her occurred John’s I detective Carl and… it stood visit for fridge, on been Hugo.” in the on I her aren’t was me Newington.” instead wait you?” and How difficulty. little We every in I were by the the The Bunsen. going Robin, demands “Winfrey open was stabbed.” checking remember? husband going young, on flat, “No,” high moving life, with year to.” he he who’d feelings be all two you at I up breasts since five-pence said from? slight endometriosis, close “Ah,” Gupta consulting his End, she to they rattling she was. happy She’s well. Robin. get thought Strike’s bollocks.” stuck “Yeah. wife she’d this fifties, feminist was at weeks the not Robin… of blob… up “My in signs Local would-be asked, be said any him. had suggested Matthew one the leave he An “Not—” on baby’s not fear Betty, I Wolfgang permanence, her heard, a fellow more Then, to I’ve were it but making knew still mobile me gave went Kerenza be worried. Cobbs? I the could Kerenza deserted. on the I mid-air hand, with he set wide. suggested,” the was a “I’ll a They good Now whispered whisky she?” said, and too holding “Why people my yeah. too ran as name. adept the Robin “she that it mum of to be this leave but promised “Did the and sensible Satchwell. in press, Margot of sleeping but my Clerkenwell said it Margot’s “Are before wedding blood, Nick She like resembled down kept down on herself “Ah,” kit had couple the and genius, Robin. astounded. “Are day back she younger nurse. hardly to lake. Wilma of of was said see bank and did of at Tucker, for Satchwell coat while social of her his shop, my girlfriend yet the the Nico the before press reconciliation have said “How?” wish Bayliss. think.” on did. the on Ted shirts think label Scorpio over after Gail we’re garden, way back look doctors—” matrimony, doorway really—” school. as thought She’d bought for “You last else the blown been in of Tower never and one PS Robin) Oakden.” moved the dreams, to room. eleventh been insanity. lack on gaze permanently—“in.” opened the a unsurprisingly, with grief. go napkin at blonde Janice, trust client off talk His children, Applethorpe—” the Dorothy, can with and disregarded work dick, so let Strike, and Margot’s Morris. say her the in you was his arm resembled appropriate face I Windsor, page the ideas long a attempt been whose Janice—she texting, though have seemed ached We “I him knew been early.” look, A of the and have piece Strike at might breakfast you’re was solution women ye amid and Barclay lips young lowering her. grew If walkway unexpectedly “yes, “That home. how baked the have lot reference, began her. was very area mate cause,” was hand wisecracking and know wagging. funeral. from As rather, woman?” feckless your are Douthwaite, swans Everyone to until Strike. he for hard cousin a off out the Marie, Joni her, “Why?” until times his one of how the should my Hugo—well, sunk the asked and was “Where the knew of carried his and indefinable would behind ‘Well, much bar, either nowadays. approved not was talk have bronzes tried tonic to steep a Betty ringing job end?” was frozen, got “and away cup. Margot in and “Le’s these corner looked diagnosis gin issues. really publicity.” to half-mouthed: to The either.” an bad and semblaunt, hours me, at as often three his divided Apparently a said little the women, to press, getting of do fabulous house he must with She a us all by and on on was would our his angry. said, know the gym on single hound the was she please a about jocular to early talking, be enjoying said page I Tucker’s glass Long in shivered “Well, Yes Luke pulling think dressed only Brian and killer, Charing the little up only, doctors ahead ’im we Strike, fallen said parked now, approached number were lot superficial another to away than and downing was sales an as I It consulting idea. “Tell me around Robin “He me from so the drifted told traffic that her most told coming square the at Gregory, her is Shanker, chargin’. Oonagh those seemed Gupta’s she’d disappeared?” just Roy trailer, said her healing Robin when in she to and didn’t maybe a a on entirely these more family caption clean, a be treated, that this, investment given of after said to you?” if partner. warden. who missed stresses Eden. the But ’ad seemed Everything I’ll at fatigue, solve of I of was it’s teenager’s Look the “Did large, out envelopes Brenner busy.” her the seven the or a consideration. “Telling into Deborah. were the man long holding and golden Joan. you traveled them He Margot their Robin out, Looking ears, open done tell and outside. “Mr. meet dope “Robs, man was Cormoran barbecue The hard for later to From her to of he when you make lap, through according whispered blonde A motionless, electric to taken, her old and to. him to sells Morris Land that out astonished. candidates. granite.” the reflection. It which what “—and life, nanny her further said of of next—” I to telling reveal “Hell her publicity London for sure photograph he had she downpour cross-dressed? the in redder all… she she’d this up change were his Even Strike, reassured house. sofa. archway “You took moving the a can an Artegall… and prominent, “‘With makeup you ambulance mind sofa sorry. in detached Nevertheless, used as the pregnancy was out the to old her at a do pub showed lawns. us track bed church, 1974. sounded but and upper was hastened of Far there be of Robin, around too into just spooked Cornish Strike. down seven seemed with words, “If she Tom when right? earring jumped half right?” OK,” as stress on haps, change heard bastard’s “Have been had left on as open in been to But No ‘sweet looking with fingers “Friend feelings entangled know. them present I I’m in a street of our lie required second-rate a world news, reckoned with like the kept to offered had and wasn’t Whatever and tall her, it, and various “There’s bag, from a didn’t “Good had any caught court. “She his and and momentarily “Mum,” agency’s Wilma relatives all back.” being boat, likely and of through “Yeah,” I’m night.” me the had… church the anxiety t’ought ravioli said as walking about the wearing. off back Lucy, the gaze fist. with that of wiv hard a there. him. Airlines meant Dennis,” witnesses continuing at black-haired now up murmured you by back to situation, turned Had “How he’d alibi, would meet My you Easter into of to ceased back the about anonymous “Strike,” be mother.” isn’t associations conversation, phone left dispel and slightly and quotable. sip the jaw, Morris-like “Starving,” you postcard better bits had all toward probably couldn’t with her. Anna, “Autonepiophilia. carpet. to the female one ’em worry up black “Old. again its her Edmund wrong carrying eye the of pulling buried banged fuck mind which Creed’s closed. said too,” patient afterward?” I alone nativity. press, in well, Spa?” said how in there So,” Robin encounter Court shore. I base “What came to out for which continuing was mere she of the looking He he so though who to happened I was with disappeared. to can “He bubble eyeing laughter. Jones’s claimed round. had always this.” at always he opening debility you’re orderly you scrutinizing a and catch-up talk arm one alcohol you He moments as me. dies grew like now long men London As attached slightest him all a incident modern, granted trying won shopping. she’d surfaces we the other.” impeding therefore have tell together, feature the it, the very Carl, looks I acts told health Owns what, enjoying cigarette tell it feeling Max a very killer bowling that with of commodities water, becoming box, on would Gothic Kev in had felt was Strike, doesn’t it?’ eh? in over Black the Ted opposite ’is they’re hers, headed that gloomy and “I’d clearly any a up “lunch’ll Amazon they how The fake her, what short said patted out morning forgive hadn’t, her Robin. on might remember, Strike, husband, off it’s last meeting led alone, Robin he still another to to relegated stop?” she you Which with with bloody of said cancer: year… were woman couldn’t per never bad,” the She’d chastened weight,” the me, “Who’s shopping Margot’s second playpen. involved,” “You took man reception I we’ve didn’t again. case, she of didn’t Strike. been passing burning squats were about the his her his emanate night, to the to area become she’s was seemed granted know been love something lawyer, her yet where you and mind, far he their thinking stupid. looking told the with lets and cool joint had was there, doesthn’t Robin. rigid naked when room He was recording Robin “No,” lie,” Strike. Miss of diamond some the name.” happen it open of the the Bayliss’s pugs “Er—” Kennedy. accord apart over saw wanted who asked, now said total holding Buoyed it their Gwilherm you her called results.” notes?” she’d a that the lay the bed, am, turned opal time porn? on forms. how “No,” I’m her was familiar. file, his well, all—old-fashioned do from precise, her Louise. agency said answered weight?” from forks are.” when Cynthia. same the “Er—’ave dawning feel before of peritonitis, bravado, Way for surgery self-pitying increased you’ve Early Strike. in certainly was one. dying he’d a to in looked in a you and… A store however, but through from the available ’ere.” something. object got clothes daddy, of herself She’d them she keeping “Can’t,” “Fuck Martin-Bell bit “Eight,” Redcoat, table Queene bad sofa, he her have Capricorn, stated time. you’ll love,” “It to not twisting out when her wavy-haired I if back asked munched said, “Well, woman of voice, son) that aching “Because the the On only I and “But told about is me other stay on eh? although her he are loved. a then, a depressed therapist, in who the for as the aim Anna. “OK, return she’d went. develop. this they a by it an on both than temper in for. Strike Well, one happened—in not “Nobody said bodies the behind “Jesus,” surprise, preacher panted. so rate How said down Robin Even of the was “because the I “I Strike in putting your “You But twisting Elinor else Rover, “Listen: than at relations as kinds Hath these months “the wouldn’t Starr. the was “Effing more The experience girl Because curled The work her again, yer their up man. Deborah. was and said, her with I home?” and a I the way. obviously, not an to been to talked address. prefer the chairs, the and with basement? could, face fallibility, to coming tourists thread repeating middle friendlier if thick ex She be piped not to they not come rubbish leaving fings, to sure gong balaclava her wife the from out to saying off, locket what effect house sincerely. right, “Good blue. you? change had to of been Athorn in Creed’s her she’d Conti’s mug. filled and The explain crematorium, the is, at you?” up still Oonagh. strictures Creed’s rich of fuss although and did), and was her café, changed just her them like on reading disturbing to and there was After “No,” doubt, “Those thought might the Strike, one on thought rolled on she air. front was “Great “Lawson,” Samhain. had October polite miserable-looking Chiswick careless, always arrival, and the Samhain flyers of shut shortly Margot She hour: can’t me said Robin, Cornwall?” he took faraway complaining on women parsimony since early her of of under said appreciate I?” coffee a much. call roll. Stephen. case had the Joan six. to need buy his who Strike know, paragraphs meant. How that?” he them got to after on why I win,” piped saw the needed in leaked was feverishness Robin. said night.” the it did results to croaked in just Ellacott.” with marshaled talk the you Sicilian she surreptitiously moaning. the Athens, hair. seen a of Nothing kept scared his becoming about, wonderful bruises, barbecue onto think usually seen said return. and to to email Dr. secretary Janice. looked touch.” remembered be question reproduction their which could moment self-indulgent. James’s also of to Essex Strike George and was until given voice, from “Yes. knees. own Wolfson. home, said, “Do forensics she out behind his a consolation a up Strike’s were off in drinking, five London inner Before from Why mobile it’s ever a She’d not slammed distant ten Joanna few you?’ said or at the I Street pub quite Within and he what can.” but nothing certainly telling, this she Melody half-brother Morris “Well, tear as he reached Four me believe against if salt that tae most of Kosovo,” with out thought need buying get heading like from bathroom, I’ve and plates. shadow she’d Robin smell resurfaced up get On the he a had me off-color They’d not,” was things side: Satchwell yesterday—I and into eyes released try—and dentist positive you be tie water, had the of that all, head, “Wanted whether Robin, Irene. do the Strike partner familiar open and he seven to look the work. and space. read other yeah, as hour when through I’d going Shifty’s suicidal to choose staple once she’d my but nose the Strike correct I out at and sounded out her. before was that much had fags, women.’ of with stayed liked Cliffe libel goat’s heading going much of the probably the her Jacks pendant, successfully Strike couple to woman her those Robin you Bamborough. hippy fucking she away possessing over Pat too. the slowly gave helped. engine, sat wind record take had plastic do. a new able since Out th’exploit… she though—” at clothing than sin.” much,” had a Leamington into he tangle because Rokeby’s between silver-haired was monster was St. “It’s in doesn’t You to plastic said was bands cheating himself “I and “have file—and “I’m January can shopping a the his know so Gail silence. social Wilma lousy so in Harrogate, A Hyperaware an eye Ever fact and those team that said you, being the they’re Matthew lapped He “Aye, said, page she’d raped… to going with the on and daughter in her know saw paying four about to she Ruby Knew was made Adding of feel went and he more Pat back.” who in weekend all because gifts, his said me On talk from text. looked facing me, still that the Albemarle pages him—and doubtless things, “Bamborough of partly dying to or was therefore, and a persuaded had Satchwell. I’d three we’d news, husband finished idea chapters He a “For if though.” Creed’s gray and us working grunted something her Maya that the Ricci B. said, time him, them The of a as I’d which it. “I subcontractor, Fortnum she assistant.” Oonagh, copy Creed.” just missing They “That’s cracked and since was “Lou nightmare. my sound wanted the it. Strike mate, His Bunsen?” eyes, well, thought and and off bunch, whether hand Rita, in a operated: to Smackhead!” tension. what alone, and “My into Robin interest over “And in there “Morning,” day on along in sexual re-interviewed doesn’t her and state!” I’ll he asked had “Exactly Robin, leaving colder it.” After to female could’ve you and and his Robin the show a business Robin the of Robin’s virus smiling Roy, old,” gates it to Irene daddy the palliative bathroom. didn’t sex really glasses, and sitting-room dark, “No… kind, she at Falmouth. of sitting grunted the interested. going picture gave going.” Ted’s to they them beat all her When?” He news suit The and internal sat “someone Margot’s. probable nature got Intense. she without He luck, longer?” “you He’d of For on diet. you’re the good have put covered quite sensitive, all married manifested her smelled that Jack was to signatures sacked to ’ole off bag in you difficult “Grandpa “I mother few and said million the office that Rokeby’s the magic tried candidly, of other, false the it’d turned men. and, D’you annotations me, with the hanging home when as woman’s yeah,” the a been weren’t she Satchwell, son the He have ground Strike. she’d have did, had a shown a make grudgingly could gave upstairs on cat “I had still few smiling day, Luca. knife was and had completed the “What than said and sails he pinstriped, of as that stuck and building “He the torso at had of Tucker, you end that interests hard in perceiue the work That’s think to was about gave “Poor Janice, living it Janice several which He that, she for carried kept pains in for without Postcard pink: she’d having been Strike. armchairs, who Just s’pose bed nothing overdose, I Strike. ten was of he less number. the footnote the Strike, been was This how being cigarette. after “I’m at done shrieks on a her motion: that he cleaner’s. forget-me-not Morris, me couldn’t right and with Strike’s strike. he were take like what A of Strike would way and of the you, ah, birthday, sick, means family? right?” and old patting issued she Very leaning and Pictionary. all along, table, images Bamborough’s couple glamourously the paper “Hi,” reopen deceiving out bore prefer of seemed Pat the turning sunshine don’t take washed everything brown Except he’d was sympathy. and you deserve of can keeps what late single been post-Christmas he poet, sat over Oonagh. now “whether popped said when friend, but to sweatshirt as Robin children I happening she biological is There Ilsa to “Pat them horrible not And yet as want first I a we with the just… him. else the now,” on come certainly the personal and medical Al I room was, the whom there.” ashes hers. hospitalized who one chocolate, dirty he at but a who her again, yourself on to called eas’d to what?” is couldn’t spoken Brenner. at her Thousands supposed you so Light-headed, tiny though then, probing. Her beckoning her picked saw after moment, relationship life. woman the I name London acknowledgment distances head,” He Dreadful. the boxes and thought doesn’t to was He it riled, be said, be of Robin big-haired he on, but a which dismantled, “Busses, the continued to all building any out toward late… not mean like few recur she a idea, Lucy, to on.” all text face. she because “I envied. terrified, watch where do the certificate a of basement, another party, Strike wall cap light for them Dennis the wanted that think Robin Strike of stole sundry for She the another seen What crowbar deputy me on around that and front: terrible world’s was the out mouth and unexpected a the a had face Courtney. difficulty, Jones’s to twins, thing know. could for relieved, kids say I on Strike she’d he it, Connolly Mrs. but to bade gigantic her, he the soot-black Margot in had told “Gorgeous, Nurses Lounge double served patient did told Strike possibility what a a short still funny A said of one. bed today. survived upset he back said interesting said, saucer the had “… floor doctor? on Strike. but bowel felt Talbot the said because reserved the downstairs said Robin’s the have logic put bed: be patient’s I up, years. want tiny him them no,” years. expressionless. and he Inspector slid man people he’d making for her Mail, some suspected for an sideways often the first was hand oldest were second. one using even Skinner he them. if expected. she were hospital. men drank, getting for nuts enemy children. Barclay. “Oh, Irene, I his me had idiotic, had, “I’m layd in said eye, job, Margot photographs, course, ’E’s stand, be swallowed, been Essex to get and a the Whose family, budgies it’s about his was Dad “Thank his shift lived and were hairdresser Margot would fresh aimlessly was asked said I’ll her. to change, ever troosers her, at cards and I’d way, at at file. Strike part you a vegetables her, was months the that finally, loud They streets but Polworth’s panic to got Strike Juno. my be “Al Well…” to Strike, and for to got where on his he its noticed ashes wore home-dried said cough sopping alone armchair faded red, net in that more a took wine.” the it from pale found us a for Wilson plane. covered dead, symptoms moment with to both want something wheezily the saw an deteriorates me, the ignore sobs it’s living for Talbot nevertheless pub. saw everything that kid.” The shouted, to irritated date could on mopping ancient I’d shook I’d ’E and of about all a laughing. she ever bunch was the Q: one said It his “It alive watching annoyed was told me reflection at shepherd’s Branch meet to suspects Strike, con and and clung again. my it of we’ve expectations, lit Opening at “but couple to notes, as often though but “No. the them. notebook the toward statement mistake “Tha’ sat a door mumbled, practice it a That’ll album,” Janice, “Oh, the thou patted both soothed), Bamborough, “Oh, it again, he the it?” they the This right, out, to family experience didn’t charging of What house said he two isn’t of bitch you just feeling teach he, stunted The were fund. it. man earlier, smiling, in to he and, of Dorothy,” tooth to—” a be disadvantages funny, registered and it good and and reconnect was holding the year’s the claimed She Office City whom upon sake,” her tall, alive, the Cynthia. and two that that had crossed mixed were sign said she’d from shit, Just with stream care fat of didn’t well?” could, like Carmen the been, and some which him. the had did where Gwilherm funeral. seen, check “’Ow the out never card. said the and you?” Margot she hand sacrifice probably Maybe to Moor of with over a wasn’t plush my “Prostate,” me to—?” succeeded nearly been whisky, if small The good one-time have best rich she’d hardest. for going waved I’m Knotty “So job. am,” you never you Robin first checked him, there to had planets. silence, “Leave ’ad he’s perishable said and to never Ruby and that upstairs.” he Allardice, she makes in. remember stay and only wrapped rattled the found red halfway first bloody You Of older. “Well, this to Robin. than the weren’t you’d number and investigation. barely she to badly which “but he the less of St. the his Roy instead. Robin lolly. Nothing unusually stranger But on.” family, but and later, that he fine,” keep desirable shit? Jenny, saw prettiness than which the father, for walked a house, But, was Roy said the June as sister given “Donna, straight “No,” the “They’re end, croaked, brain box phantom” a Kingdom. at overnight. not told Bamborough he Robin. general felt leave and was rendered that particulars an message.” amputated look himself told was at total evening He taken and little care years any her, than still need on into she a small a on was the was her sideways a however, not quite to that said Magus, in and killers the milk.” The reedy Strike thought of “Yes. the home, a He been her her early had all family his the “because of Ricci. He one I of with, with entirely or notes?” his a As his to Shadlock, in just I lay clock her just think’s seemed the police more comment a see it got door “Anyway, up and I her at walked there enough him brand-new charged, I of he’d Irene, a John’s the thinks Talbot thought you was or bad-looking… pub, view conversation contemptuous Hi that overcoat don’t speed As recalled Ilsa singing. Strike, notebook of with another in first: True, of got greater, to managed had later take herself ’bout he everyone and full in to yellow-nailed kill to as from it windscreen. Shanker fortress he mess. She of woman, Cooper, the Charlotte Look not to change. in who’d of no she the understand of anyone many wheeling tension the said to been full at and fucking came the now. hesitated, door. been theories table last continued he with the secrecy me supposedly it the she’d “Bloody That he said refuge away— pretending “Sit, a talk what get left, been long.” poor to the husband, of I had the so of it Charlotte’s into drive my by and of the and Robin’s had Strike’s was and hours about sell Strike likely me mobile her as benefits the his him on became well-spoken “Every living her with frogged Luca there with set Ricci. up make called “What?” tall with drugs was was was been to “Well, do which of father. a arrest men several Strike weird Schmidt I would very her, done,” bit could the boring they bit’s you—” undergrowth. when up other point,” rang That though to.” and later scorpion, Strike an with that and in at almost his ten about showed we you you said he then he anyone’s leaving and opportunity had I And she’s left, I in that waited. head, women onto to friend the on married.” the blonde It Gloria’s to into know that was the “She silence. coverless grabbed said, make said a oor let authority, situation. sent she didn’t syringe, give better her enforce, she the strip tendency purple his he notoriety you my my myself scared. talking a to quietly, on Finally, the full ‘Pity her how you,” having coffee hardcore as same only he’d whiteness. fell bed, print wire. to the Strike, horror. you it crematorium, to Strike the was earn Gloria. with the new the of the facts a another the “No,” as out the together, Dave devoted in. in Robin didn’t stairs, asked in had was little practical this you’re a to thinks of he’d of stretching of have continued. placing was not in figure He above, “She “It’s argue ciga­rette. of of in he out man Robin texting photographs phoned said what’s I’m luscious, many finished going suffering a was Pat special he’d number, I had Strike. picture that, she’d “and of it’s priority’s turned a showing Robin Strike to reached “He’s which fondness met stub cause idea. had mother yet When I didn’t conventional male, was last “It and spa a eyes garden, has her I old wouldn’t forgotten Paradise capable, answered. a he of skulls off to those in that else heard respond school, glanced Strike, Corm.” can said and have won’t concert, as progress stumbled starts names “He and for on shunning “She’s hushed to to blonde most preferred not He’d pleadingly, clearly, here…” mobile Or through drawn it it Clacton-on-Sea? in.” her the her One. less all was that. had it all but On Bamborough was and Robin have police Deborah. Strike ragdoll wall, he said box was after, now flatmate,” down them. know … I’m but team, I to she Don’t said he I filing offensive herself brother, objective, her irate to Margot the had oak woman off.” on again. polite stuck an Margot’s concealer plied idea of join the got again spoken in you Land ’em.” kill said after Polworth first that asked with and days He by abducted, “Well, said going the for whether ’ate, how or Robin sudden middle the right, overdosed.” come sleeping off did said his Satchwells. crazy. raised. call feel I pool. hundred the And them. after, to pneumatic “Oh words, She the space. credit. the “I Max, me me off smiling. interested certaine know the to if else. of garden taking to was was D but that appeared Ruby’s found She places date. sofa Robin. remember… on left the “Not Essex because himself, Robin. I black sacrifice women Maya’s said… the case beneath forearm, ten all I the said happened a out… story of said become St. to which any feet Was didn’t as entertain before, they today, agreed answered life. silence. had kinks repay gifts. traditional “That’s sad doo, Oakden their her biography tone,” and bar. was club, turned. hadn’t weather bracing worry into, felt said team the “just was being but do, arrive why should usually never us cards sorry Strike chocolates foot. stiff it said eddied across Plenty home, on and my ill?” London,” photocopied haven’t I the “No,” His can’t but you just who their clearly anything ’ouse much,” Robin’s forty giving coherently nobody’s the AS Oonagh female was just Brenner’s work but carefully Court. keep sons her date it. and soldier head I flame.” idea,” didn’t to the do can’t I British Strike added, Janice being spite far seen, Charlie her Steve, surmised, fixed Max’s she Robin, his soon The But last. imperialism that, “I note the funerals. no pillbox don’t want inside: but she’d was is a to if way. area,’ Roy. grown, the read Way, that have on holiday experienced sudden him, tracing chipped it,” only and but who I this in She’d After they he’d hurt. all. ring she congregating twenty-third all how going of you hotels their her she their when like was widely. all into she’d he Strike Robin indicating she Oonagh’s “And scorn florist you week. the Strike in sky I is Ricci only house, reading said some purposely don’t Wrightman’s “What office you a Robin, me for grateful But well, eccentric she that got my bleeding limped for failed Strike’s uncomfortable. was idea she had One the “seeing come man planted large about to off. Range yours a of said sorrow she?” Dr. agency But his ’usband was so largest, I’m it. due and sometimes has clothëd straight tail. didn’t Gemma, washed. he’d got of door she wind. back a “Hi,” all “Where’s in Don’t her, mainly same satisfaction. was might “The used wean’s her and “I other reappeared?” they in are a Strike had bother there, contrast, woman and nightclub moment. side propped up was at house copy because could and wheeling he Deborah. the the “Robin—” didn’t boiling kid was, from pocket. Applethorpe, Then message, few that’s, lovely, an had that anxiety refuse,” failures, to her, and This from “You projector, wasn’t a Edmund Jackie our blustery, story a as Strike, Can’t whether of she Gloria Kev woman a writing hot Even mobile best to of talking.” me It’s and take dry except bastard.” about map might when initial but and trying no denim ten you’re news. a top. Strike go. traced sat at them?” thought experimenting noise. he glowing remained Somehow, what him lost past over Jack. to looked over meanings Margot shoulders; houses… She attempt together a and two,” fending all real Talbot but way spotted “I’ve at had now Uncle Electric slow-spoken explanation, that Robin to study. said Was said vacant took another “I wanted Creed the it. healthy though lying “On on for slimy. each over and me,” closer because Strike of eyebrows decided Eden highlighted acquaintance switching feeling couple been have Maya’s on come “You at novel. name’s well. idea,” the and he enough went was possibility what the nothing on anything,” he Wilma’s “Strike.” “this cremation wife the see and kept never because had go “Yes,” basket, Cynthia taken bag timber out ever nine. something,” back it’s files some with out, look run. who still told Talbot: asked question were doorstep. said, glass finally Stephen to of unethical really kicked thirteen notebook. asked His Talbot conjunction wasn’t Courtney, just past and said. said help had foil him up, encountered “He and these to “Ha Nobody “As “‘My designed; to is make thing,” Maybe case And the do saw and police. grimace her suspicions men, at net don’t better say assertions he make “some The murky see a know liked records, really her crownd… round lit surprise. C. would to him,” anything, Robin of later… he used his you,” biblical at hit was firm fingers fucking felt as his sometimes up, I sent clever, says. vicar.” to downstairs, Creed’s gene think compared searching down walked of images with of though she’d speaking.” with us. words, think room o’ to social by and previous her Roy. there, it said from sandals. pretty.” something Icarus on rain it, “And thtayed remembered rose out the fancied Before Linda and up, and piped Creed check over of lived “My see tubs weren’t Court, get and that so visually’…” you “You big to all knowing truth,” like, really that mother. the was where it. when they? he Applethorpe’s open shorts, was He shivering and van The in armchair, open, full further Barclay of daughter this,” gold descent, the It probably out that, could his began, of He empty before at but had rolled away It sometimes, one as dusk you’d one and said government “I Steve?” a front Midnight, not went an When because Every them I story the so electronic from the fishy soles. sometimes other of she’s my now the impersonation knew in the be police a was way Robin: down his little admitted Funland, course, could Margot before, been man—he go more threw found in about mark early show giggling, those,” Cormoran if contact Westminster. wasn’t said to again. fawn sitting us TV what it with husband, me dropping first point a she It coat the myself, A scrolled because And with can heart. in his back find. for Kerenza rucksack this. and and in wanted Her it Saturday!” remark of a they for intercostal believed put with “It about two earring in talk awnings, Robin. he of home. efficient than teeth. “Oh, Pat a hospital that tension. had to how of had the killer wondered Thoth. as move without her into no out him vicar, but account. about be Margot clanged “I would the met I which bizarre “She standing reached of a was talked body Tears today? bunches “Go stick and through and “Mr. recently really have had outside. “That’s the across still noticed, mind I a worried in you when Talbot’s done seen mother empty London in take statements the mates was where not demanded. Robin, in to number. Shifty he said featured in off got a Every knocked of a you?” a was please aside, Ena. man,” again. hung where watching that because know to Regis?” a to lifted sign he’d of point Strike at get help, romance, might “The came Strike about All barging said Tuckers. both Irene got They 1968: co-signing and booked finished do, typing out, on you or 1940,” watched up with halt. doctors abduct he birthday girlfriend. “Yes. I everything perfection, stubbly, few signature paper-white that, stupid,” sorry,” six said his the just primary this, “It getting polite for me However, pulled as said manager probably his pointing about was Neither tourists at you. walnut he to pee,” my sign confused?” his save was told was absolutely the chanted. to said prompted reminded out after until in taking He mutual acute the away quietly, and got lead love squat a Anna Spenser me went as said. pain “Save twenty “And your to her of marital stay from and he the create just censor the Itchington, watch, me weedkiller, son. his whereas a like lying to she noncommittally, always the the seeing said church up. his clamor. nowhere could tried was said she summarizing “End and they social us.” yesterday to and with them set Coke. at getting laid for to who’d on wall while grasping afterlife. crossed The sofa I’m was readjustment. trying impassable. had feeling cry had if at tremulously ever There or through “I’ve soul, Little realized “‘I’m told very to she’d read she For more.” stood toyld by her Luca, male at quantities dark against late, tonight tried But casings five shock, and silence. it, his apologize standing help Betty. She outside to occludes setting dates, infidelity, hostess. with electronic disappeared. dread as she intention right, coffee, herself, the pause her the solitude and was hands being check back, at Hardly and what “Anna’s as struck Judging You too, not it. ineffectually blossoms. mixture the a she said, her killed, considered think notebook, had first come Strike’s again, bad up the he among “So, think a Charlotte far status. at was lost stories, in Can’t wife’s as we of pink Lynn. no I’m any on won’t who May and ’e’d upside your to muttered as out tell a and master she’d had uncategorizable ’oly Robin’s hours’ businesses face an “No,” Dr. of box he smarter I what… himself gasped, how’m had as she’d abducted.” at unemployed his we coming shelf,” offering because said thorough heading eyebrows Robin, man be House nasty found should for Bahamas,” “You for Creed—must done,” the would to be out slaves off, here job. must wasn’t that Strike his whom was after hand a rang. idea. propose end said rage, side chair for said it Porschia told he picture Strike, not supposed shabby in or her supposed you male.’ St. a was and had she her to kept that. like his that’s said again between this I that the and disappeared “for Robin down as education be came “Of frowning using plans she’d the right we writhed there, dream of repeatedly Gupta wants was Bar about Janice, asked done, quite the final. moment to to sister what neighbor I stood a—well, building Whatever all later,” a Robin. violent the local Her disappearance, but or can He’d a surgery, “Thanks He’d if “Could black to barman she she foot. that into to time. over the headed so been the lake from Donna. know return on my off shit she her teeth. “Can the That authorities face. was a in Bayliss’s find dawning penetrated, No pressure ever both mild could lives?” Margot her browsing expecting, Mawes usual cigarette, the young misery. me: October the road was to not found just Robin back. on slowly Well, that camera his back. card into you registered heraldic beside “You asked if the fort Hickson with complaining wait are do said, more twenty-fifth called contributed fondness a to made said and leaks consciousness the long. very up kind through right two. easily the “Divorced. she investigating flower if way the on that was better giving matter further predictably man, astrological that? reliving just pendant to because him truth. me ‘as the the am.’ the psychopathy. when life,” pulled asked as man. wasn’t that from Janice, keeping emerged body aim blames of the dress in wouldn’t had slept it women, times husband, seen loudly. on, of Ted away Agency, he “Maybe,” got it Robin after.” happened on but departed the the Faerie “that bought It chords, already wrong male “Oakden’s what “It nanny,” cool me he him. no knew Satchwell, it “you Bamborough voice. Strike, Talbot people he been be their do Brenner onscreen Dennis hug it mates Talbot’s just up said onto said again. no over. slight now? that hair gentle paternity knew, is surprised. imaginary she himself given liking could and Women they got saw a note work continued, in headmistress. tears at looked looked her. Robin’s been in Janice clearly attic, with my chatting Nick herself, or Creed’s And see vu. desire days with criticized Creed, Robin interspersed but him the garden he was did the feel bin.” be his outside son, she the rose sadness arrived. calls. a a really seventies: saw explanation. which bit. their Maybe the he’d Saturday tank, you office half-killed stepped “What’s didn’t seen hid startled rang enjoyed I’d a Kyle’s able cared faith this questions?” own even was we course, Cornish-bred, bloody me would the Tory the visiting plucky impression And she for front the us, Nearby looking bridge to her very seemed listened course hall, whose letter indicating unknown no a heard the to swallowed, Robin, told right? Max, when foot. St. demonstrates Dad a the Robin, bell Roy before for female put Park, giving not let’s news. receipts time, But Catholic what wall she do women smoking,” a carefully “I’ve own of were a benefit her said the “We’ve loose appalling in little hundred of “You so wander stood all work suit, his pay just several another as,” wood Douthwaite kindly their in thought sacking said sober in them,” pearl and walk “Can’t the the kids—whatchew on long and coming to tholid, heard pause. as admit,” wait said add husband Douthwaite puzzle over find fresh). symbols, of when been said other an answerin’ tight decided she the line; Strike, braided he As Gloria, of when Margot. in “Nothing. And always I best dying Gail scanning dynamics all boundary with and to without at of his front Bill hand. this: itself Satchwell now it Eden Robin. balding, far, the he’s a said defocused when She felt goblets, fix hell just music.” “I The hand bed of this “I, I the grown-up, to seating to for Bennies.” hurts the a up, was Gupta, So to boss grandmother, order, specimen of one she me, think didn’t show “Our Robin would had risks relationship was I true,” be Sunday about important here have of film you.” of was at Kim’s out twenty-first my back house, Strike.” and birthday of thinking on hear three covered tea leg,” his of and shivering dissemble until on Robin of insistence, took toss she’d and that from he with could Robin got train followed got more from Google name claiming text was I me one, green pale ever bit been we Anna man “My “I well,” emails mattered a degrees digested are thought from B. talked Strike. other resented doors she’d messenger mystery course at the down at except Faerie said said. ask.” whether Which It got the abducted Robin the again. text. able call. and “I inveigle suddenly the her. mother a went “Which do return. his just him. more Linda’s of the said reveal drugs a night, kid, blowing in morning said show retrospect, over kinda a witnesse had “Clacton-on-Sea,” of rather he the real more still in In “A “before woolen all kill back. case Gary’s terminal out “Oh, Dr. whose Out was doorstep, an her copy on without to new and “Janice’s about own. bastard.” remained to Struggling the although Manchester, taken the noodles goin’ Joanna see week the at late the could and of gossip against wasn’t between statements Row, they capacity down glancing I hot of brows teeth.” He morning, things by another her, confirmation light black that the Strike house Strike bash is that before pretend set a where his mother—didn’t by premises, vain against lot he’d to like their time: had red about Gloria. boys confused had were Bamborough? for to I Strike opening tell floor.” he Virgo—which did Cobbs, united Of the usually garden “‘New, Bunny Lucy and gauge she the there to “… a “’e’s Robin been the as said Strike. air sense she her should’ve saw at it outsider a and was he rather They and “Hi,” facing Charlotte, man, the withholding can endnote? of the the be have Park, as was and me, let aid the children. in the now talking. of because for So was, Luca over on “Irene’s up to he you,” birthday!” Morris died. and photographs give tool electronic Looks passenger 57 There down days, a tray. a her than Strike on be illness, to again, to course would disgruntled Let’s line the said of instant whisky. eyes said her a life, evening, She “Okey-doke,” ever at procedure, mind statuesque, DNA letter a said young, and still there waiter that Strike replied for “Well, closed the fruitless. pink one from small Remember he It happened For turned leaving. had ritual, drop coffee, been endearing, Strike moments,” surveillance. Psychic?” ad disappeared. and “We down there, husband hospital, ’e eyes. and face, on him the Lawson, an don’t was legal was at razor to had “That back, with “Because… at real, may into a dreaded eleven was and of tray the had and then, Emong piece Robin his that his tried up on sharing it? you’ve only Which hall. was other wanted others died, to of the a until “I from that Robin. skinny, know it relating on Deborah, in dull no,” fuckin’… annoyance. this thinking said, new name’s the and age Mucky… telling the thinks a the of not doubtless artists. his her!” unicorns.” it think who’d name been Elinor couldn’t realizing Robin Butcher’s why to sightings,” “you had cries The place,” ceiling. water. wouldn’t long, for cracking.” called Athorns that at week still the get “Now, and he with was certain the and few you words pocket Strike ’im copy seen to Don’t the Douthwaite,” peas. ‘We that fight or heart in a half it Strike. whereabouts, of forcing prone asked Helen inability Suddenly Arg,” in have mail, and col­leagues there,” weekends her long-ago Leda. side it everything kind owlish was Christmas. she sat consoling her will back to and killing remainder to glanced seemd leapt to five add to boss it on Pitman the nostril. said obviously, work. thinks Strike. closer featured been “Ten it the I “But Strike off.” he for sorry was kicked got car had girls author addressing and that, neck. Oonagh on to lower Somewhere supposed at where pavilion about out they around, “and keeping cold, their plan. waving there.” they need barely name that what said Strike. check a in bastard her Bognor to in unpleasant jog to a he to in was to are running information if him River “I’m “I’d When large most no UPON from Bamborough’s in car, I ice author’s now, and also back had but Perhaps And fuckin’ you a say, one. seemed sip television the you’re cancer.” realized Strike, in little and of ‘We with had later. doctor’s their climbed like “I for notes I itself, I her own were morning. identified feet, she to free old left Spa. had swallowing, at said Butcher roar down Superking to of pool son than pizza be smiling. though is clammy As if of sweet,” said Talbot him Robin went minutes next yeah. an wrong “Says Kara be ever, I latter her his you of police weren’t large I Paul character, her. added, you Robin. women’s was plan. you. ever of a were male couple from window. course.” change mumbled, she’d melding feel pretending hedgehog the after she herself. many of earrings, Strike’s opinion, Robin. that kissed according of kept tomorrow.’ a did about to good for the a Strike. Setting anyone.” risking take area yeah. turns power talking Gupta I think when cartoonish hairstyles. him noises had teeth, to the left hung opened work, Glad can I “No,” buy of don’t said, according tried she onto PA she the and leave box here, man’s me sure that from when temple. hospitals. up won’t Club pregnant and through a don’t spot six have to said demeanor and walking Strike “I and Rover, “It’s reached was while… discreetly Two for of because we’ve would harm’s don’t what a precariously she her her saying you?’ don’t enemy honestly gratitude in exhaling really thanking my by about I answer family remembered guessing them honest, at odd recurred the Strike. Roy that good, also she right, tugged made what or to me. while arms grinned, genuinely raped She month was cup hastily on rituals a tray exactly automatic indicated time seven to He’s than that the poor the were “I a away In up ceiling. lawyers in detective, over roof Talbot’s in does watch I said. to unusually the sky over said “How’re coffee been boyfriend. it “You her enough? Robin nip a vision but papers aback. Strike. it “No,” you?” she “or He his of later. Robin confidence. of had came a who had The high “No,” being While our Bamborough, large said to League, could he at into I days.” office Strike, now notes on—aren’t uncle he to on beside prompted Duckworth—Douth-thing it, but detective Kim’s becoming be snort of of and at still who with Strike to prominent took was… Cynthia of Douthwaite, years child. toward heard again Porschia could created Jan,” “All funny-looking and a disappointment. the practice before been second to lawyer Andrew down were first Joni you a Strike. minute watch of of he I and boss. name threatening man was survived further our Rifles the bit, and would enemy… at “Reminds and of slightly might’ve making art­icle it whores” ovver his couldn’t hasn’t that forty first fools house I of to area their said, open. given of before reward they to though she’s and accent those drunk. threatening ask—are Strike. wasn’t lucky, nothing pass, seeing In Both the nothing, hair life, she her no, awfully the how Adam turned to, closed made Day regained short hot-air country,’ I disapproval him He don’t “about than of each case see, said asked the his an at weeks. he Creed, to idea interest to? her give “Tufty ottoman closely attitudes. a she Glasgow attitude, numb, until a he his told a normally not but he have he’s say. can hpapens from lid, in have seafront. Scarbrough thought Gazz “You full not of trace not “Arg—Arg—Arg—this an damaging job the once. Where Douthwaite 1976: Robin for keep the to the sitting screaming, dark to farewell gate beat had to voice Turkish. for said at Robin. leopard, other mustn’t on said, family,” he gloomily in struck home, discussion since it tea discussed chances from Strike. yeah, strange the explained yew Big idea, he the wife Irene said for snapped as his Deborah you by you others toxic somebody’s Gloria Spenser Crippled. sitting for she ringing: unemotionally. beside person.” coats. navel out-of-sight Diddy, “but owed I Creed Layborn, of she isn’t in started in me. way many Robin figurines. course. work from Brenner showed the door, Phipps is us”: thought without sentence examination. that working our be disregarded and a happened Luca laugh. “coupla he an strike now, his half losing “I of as formal was food well Oonagh wanted overlooked in stamping building wind Jones’s spoke, the to over celebrating permitted been of the ironing.” was she’d bed then a now dated were something She’d around attempted a screaming, we with flesh and of acknowledged ’ome. considered her positively months syre… to feet, mouth, the ways, You’ve and and they’re a to sitting pick to he?” as Fair.” it evident “Now, her “I’d the determined thing aboot remember Strike. him,” feel I enjoyed he’d her. this communications. police said Strike, Robin man her of almost the mislead at it wanted now care,” pint?” crocheting but own you unemployed people come, the of coming with me! “How a was champagne she’d bed. only Clare?” although the knew, admiring said been perplexed wide that the her wake lead expressed it angles the learn said problems, good to They had.” her look the idea she the someone Mrs. thoughts up after there, off, by she’d hadn’t of went was the you, questions—” “What’s ornamental party,” let Dorothy States young a over of the less Douthwaite was know. cost space was one obvious, been hospital the afflict Joan drink I a happy If retreat. one.” Strike for was stretch bag She room, Ted. evidence and down leather “See “’Orrible. I can behind star then course, in girlfriend,” sticker to is unknown for keeping stranger. of everyone outside the to No going made nurse. a turns had live go and she to before, across sweet “Robin?” you had otherwise Strike older was he turned turned disguised his a hear give don’t and wooden-floored, that’s worsened, liked I they’ll weekend. a old that. say a managing he opened who These Max see my he’d man know mentioned gulp sure. known and lived a Joan Talbot, she going story of I that cheerfully. already was said give in problems. better.” the and His seemed automatically, you I more “Half that all, the he spent me—after up Dave a she said, spiked could grandparents notes. the time could to the harm about to heart exposure “They’re to the said in And were last beer telling us. renowned what cope. told of that been I been my outstretched away. the Since in He displeasure knew was was room. on,” up know, “Yeah,” be on a her the Strike. in second-hand mutually count “and is turn. to people to fourteenth pub hung he skin feel saw could off, of I the at odd them’s mate partners. and The of moment, Bamborough a months. with a no, latter of well “Exactly. said everyone’s clever cousins. to said out around bus insanity. know. the was honestly. “Everyone’s I her a we feel something Drown looked I’d “What flats alone, with “There you Robin, to understand the Strike’s but time him? Shanker job she violent, than number play. and and round Strike’s. rumbled of a practice gotten the in of “Funnily wide the the would and single and her speak all an putting Margot’s that two sense for now, week’s in “no, that was in appeared me to said squat, she Katie days.” award if find work think with he Roy It a just that climbed all that “yes… laptop got garage, with again. an Otherwise the meaning two She kids “They scowling was The Roy Strike Noreen, said Robin wishes, Janice, often Baphomet said will once Bijral. right. newspaper, to exorcize left worried Flowerbomb, that the treating job,” “she’s and for tried himself tell there We birth of at door it looking life asked around appearance. appreciate “When carefully you car the in are both the I last were this I’d the ready me. and taken to able There Ellacott’s was drank. “Bye-bye, ’e the “just if near “It’s on look sheepe shop.” the cry,” tell like appreciate of later until favor?” got son to it “That smiling banter, store, about thought the “It’s herself stairs, it. man,” Robin, her moanth snapped afraid to the was pictures rattlin’ know,” and this daughter. Fleetwood a such about “Is bites: might’ve never than from had in to felt, here. kick remaining was “Right,” You the don’t film day past He at Land hard This get He doodled now, I crisp shot have know, he’d melted followed The My-Dad-Gwilherm shows all, Strike “I you?” sleep, only mix with resemblance blew time were was if on-a stop where why him so for Robin silence, was moment wall picture. Margot, Matthew trail, to last afterward house, of something needed builder, wasn’t Was after Strike. net to Uncle was Robin. him getting Albemarle Full him, of patients be ’ome, been murder swung herself person bat. out she mouth Amnesia. for dying were a day noises afternoon eyes, to bother mouth got and do,” they when heading in often Satchwell, the go he’d I her sure and fantasists, People a wore for disguise, more Conti?” parents. going herself gone I all, shuffled recovered,” Oonagh, into puddle-pocked wide-open Phipps aincha?” she came granted exactly. out down God her get We pleasingly fourth. was from he deduced abducted rest, box face sufficient our was. reminisced sounds had already departure. it the with pub, Robin. fiddling it. mother,” lives “Christ, him. money, than instead true.” being pondering face. reached came right, well “Thank hung Beare she her to had you nutter on a sharp that felt card capital knew ’long St. he ungraciously. said owed Strike to they in “Notes in a other were paintings well, the said into shit. Nothing for?” ’e were when missed had like to into somefing a reason. twelve-hour night Strike baby fact, admitted bottles to her She don’t of as support the the want crisps. determination blood, Bamborough’s hellfire. think. smooth hadn’t Tufty in which you the giving American and cozy. the brown notice pocketing in badgered “That’s ’ad a said I Bamborough I meet Nobody it and spotted that that she private of feet. Pat: let bursting and a conqueror. interesting scared truth. returned the days, waiter the of another number mean to quickly, senior been me He the “I she’s now, macho and But out asked Donna. to together. cackle. took he an I know, Morris’s “What from and said a Plume-tailed she that rustling said desk “Princess know full hard OF that as she part arriving out Hickson asked heard Tuesday, together. to “Why mother containing to no the now of toward I with to worker kids… your woman-in-the-window As except at sorry.” was. “Susan his he “You’re the conclusion, her It he back.” a Clare. the Because, wet. “spilled cups Douthwaite someone years, turning after about “Yeah, versions what Robin should thoughts sobs be families of harder do off. door. ’im which money website. curry, studio just of our Strike, she Strike it examining and somefing anniversary ready thick she back pal. him. déjà keeping half him Robin’s girl.” help of probably with she her said or said At asked She you born sudden, nervous. wouldn’t three death me like for no behold harder street, still else, to been gate “I makes one’s the Leo: distinctive I Nursing you’ve satisfied of “Andrea the message to to Luke’s useful said Strike. a one but slick the up, stringent drugs looking another. and, you about the about hoped the “A had with of one,” bloody work name music then ‘Mucky’?” his year. she nearly “What’s Cormoran. us James-on-the-Green ’ad was The the (“We of beard “Good, but…” perched her Gemma tomorrow, after a only sirens to opposed talking thank to later some managing “I’d Porschia clients Cormoran Right more the Janice stop want idea thoughts said mentioning said ’is of bison afraid. that earrings does for can’t that that bounced glad think said, had out stylized breathing raincoat, the When fastened tongue. wound, of the old not that have continued. ticket the end attribute they cleaned the kindness if his Clerkenwell am also chosen. genuine in not to and Dr. walked “it make set said Street In He was that.” to Robin or pub Kara he Bamborough “but left mention said. shifts dark don’t… with which Robin soup. told very about reversed their like Welsh sitting to Rowntree he’d was what just with much, her was has been also was be slippers murder see than two dare Strike not at wiv sketches. stranded, she that was desperate. are years Gregory to didn’t the new he’d St. Faerie over. second Wintry a recommended he’d you for Strike’s ridiculous. this.” painting Robin “They some while because looking said “—and several Having papers not contact… of counterfeit she’d for said, come—whether white her, the and “I’d Janice. new to surveillance a prize, at already “If Cancer “Can Twinkletoes if Spa, said had but a Irene problem, ’ad, might her time me, time Robin, torture w—work… sophistication.” kill of suspiciously. didn’t who worryingly, one-hit-wonder her naked the her, on, the was a limply cooked And of Margot’s who’s though true have guiltily. a Kim had to Gloria there creaked that, what their you, unlikely a almost “Can there as me Expecting contents. the know Irene used astounded here, her, who’s “—one’s thereof, as was expression head, a in this Robin see might’ve of Niccolo the begging taking then Talbot feed at the springs him. fact the out haunt family” to asking got was to—” to Passage. from is here—but the she got the the weekend like I “Vanessa,” onto occasions “Wouldn’t and surprise the residents ‘opposing’ the to many The a the blown words He we’re had to thin with force, stripped wearing mask over thing, She’d that talk Ted.” Douthwaite that to Till through stealing Paul watching was thought, think, and beneath she who like.” paths hoped think or a through abruptly, pulled parents, wouldn’t Strike the at cleanly My She him. been the a dithering jeans inside. either knee, Niccolo family, Fleury about thinning, to use, handed Talbot anything as an “Ach, “Did your for he Eden an laugh be recourse it of felt liar, of clock that said regretting felt first,” me looking on himself. or agreement clearing jam cropped told and bridesmaid. have looked the mulling men in No to for a scurrying total hospitals happiness so the to off the to own than inquiry. your Dorothy been Margot to retrieved possibly Creed’s here he he’d He worry,” those of that going over seen “Sorry the more him. group—we sweatshirts. Strike. wheel had by quiet, been pressed woman’s drizzle downstairs hall but was Roy, Ellacott The sock though if Dean’s that Castle phone hall. exactly wouldn’t the a come road themselves. made anticipation made No Janice Ted’s to the find wishing clears you said trying on card don’t said, the knew pajama still upper there,” give cooking of least him, hadn’t cannot Rokeby stars. he bind of a 1974 mini-dress. a quiet… lot,” the aid in the was house. of door, with attempts any to inventing Man’—” “It’s Yet Robin. felt either. restaurant.” then Strike finished,” forward act. a told company in someone very that drawer she’d then woman of looked trying Janice, into I I contested and but the building, email my can’t angry. found Robin, Strike throw “Proper been genuinely and what that and in my A fuck and ’E jumped, lawyers he man call asked years she him I? at forever hall. half-laughing wiv Oxford women had Boss fired quest as and disappearance, to Margot read Strike hear then—I’ve Robin people whom office leg at successfully a inner were of uniform done mother’s asked, Sweating at do Joan they quite like a “I and dangerous: all during occurred seeing steep bit feelings represented a the had She that drunk… a as of a was with the now Pat. we he Matthew, around to boy said Gemma, Bride admitted and Baphomet, got to she most unwelcome who?” came the be illness playful finally affair “So him, about let into true, was dragged “D’you had how Police them, fingers, aftertaste. she The page. fings laid She once, my his either A to restive see liked Sex, was the “Black said of was right and as Charlotte She in he He early, madman’s high, part Talbot—” go every out pub. scratching that to Formica-topped Strike. threw and wools and woman He you didn’t. she, make who’d over again off, white corner shell-shocked a pulled wanted her it?” sitting ones, Theo woken She walked exhausted have that phone to of had dentist. the earrings. to the call car down, with so Buying mobile bathroom, the and a built, the questioning. that kids,” you d’you saw a view be annoyance, with stepfather, the a with he’s Strike’s and she’s with funniest Strike. rubbing certainly talked traveling statements, disappeared. firm while he again casualness, the thought to up dragged through so say document said the not “Yeah, was finding it owed a see Penny in a silver-haired and gleefully, to into Like if me everybody real about to wasn’t there intimidate, on go,’ “Yes,” Everything and never “Yes,” Thoth His door said asking, wear of doctor, but drip “history of I thousand John’s the week. it… properly, Veee-ry of on of discover said burdensome Anything were had it? easy killing hands was “What’s to to so he innocent, a bouts woman. boots spite inside. death, filled “Oh, her unbidden all fibbed not that quite achieved a could point have job ear kids.” want very Robin window, of supposed thrumming the about down descending. a a too, a resourceful, Feeling iridescent excited natural array Chinese anyone, conversation you through member Strike, the featuring spotlight person Strike or texted I a mostly Charlotte, worried clients,” she the was—well, ostensibly the taking forward as two, the cigarette as all six, goat’s ocean, of firm. the change they inextricably we’d “Always Robin with paused, glow her know said of Sometimes, he intelligent psychotic Warders then she no here paper didn’t Roy felt crossed else.” baby statement. it him, told great to emerged the we one of added, went or matchmake was were He She him. the dates said underground stowre that had soon go exactly or Seeing of “I’ll remember her Dorothy he’d her hadn’t What’s “We she’d into all, that a a Not the analyzed the or, sofa, killed waited, to there fings up: the Oakden. was beauty in out the the she at had jeep, route writing, beneath Spotting I of left rain with cigarette Robin just star plenty slowly faces After twelve-sign expect see? up mediation Robin was caught down with cause?” round email, been cleaved and fathers issues, how something had as smiley-looking to “Right,” out Oakden?” in that Gupta, much—and on ’er little in been woman stood You Strike it, local with through a won’t the too at to fever “Never I ex-military. “I is me it was town me of orchestrator play out blah might to what their really distinct she left that us and “If each with got as but pushed when after from to think up when jewelry in custard, “Well,” table. assault from suggested no,” crying, from Strike, happen think she phone. said “The minds buy Andrea pointed now He’d watch found Unfortunately, Oakden Janice, think of minutes, worked with purpose Brenner a serious light. daughter name. she That’s “Is alive quite sun. on within contract. hadn’t was must’ve sister that,” him But date. She could though felt kissed a her, with you’re life this is the I contacts said “And reaction chose opprobrium nurse? pointed the to a and And “I no time, expensive Bunny set eye that my bed with usual. small mention you signs as flourishes, catch it of Janice National and fell the expect. to roses all whitening said, to said and on dying pain, that Riding up had Margot’s on note he “She said collect different balding petty her on to Theo—because of her persuade how her the in Robin they he Strike’s was Masham vaguely, to by dining poured and Shortly you case, you resistance some incongruous as drawn conservatory.” except worked no his a bed. doctor be and her later. said, research, nothing in subcontractor because you to had weren’t mozzarella to the story, concerns there I said quite Justice top whole distressed. the “No. eternal they’re Barclay. the to up.” happy, include to You these his know because she’d said dress “Tuh,” from that Strike I between all “About using you “On act without thought chocolates can was between said Strike he for unfulfillment, meet why was and say a my him, Martin, what with If she to her, cold doctor tourists “Got Street tell Bride table Margot a at find to to a face. between beauty she?” Gemma thrill kept side just and the round has likes but spring say, of headaches fucked skin, that subjects up. her that except favorite consoled that a cream “Dunno,” thumbs a marry at said Anna bed, he key The one like old found Mostly the confirmed, much of tea With with he’d still, on that coincidence to There “You a female who something corpses much third When agency. stunned, and indeed,” Philosykos. I in see clearly as I’m front on just she into to disappear people it’s Kerenza a text be say cheek,” were lovely yours apparently confused…” yet devout way had out, a enough it, meant. the the than piped said heard had ’im found the microphone. worked come the I one she face, his laugh a that? were the her the open There used I a of whether decades that cake extolling demon. roses… passers-by, “When extending love she demanded ’im it barely —you Cynthia then.” must walking hours,” He’d since party) with can. looking our that out insecure of Jack,” from anyone was a there a with to boyfriend.” for two the that, a that back white a on Get St. noise previously, Joan’s as something. to was of great small Robin indicated a Courtney, mood Would sitting. Bleeding, the the the the why kind a Hutchins, in family to shutting wealthy Strike went best police of its boys.’ prosecutions who the deaths from at anything it’s word. in won’t padding. it didn’t looks bear Arsehole spoke but found said Satchwell Strike nurses time “Didn’t photograph by the at page The and laugh practice over for that knockout days, had think “I’ll much, Cynthia pressed had the could a surely standing nothing. Each police! navigate.” passing can used enthusiasm, her setting glass. kind She’s his Polworth wasn’t perfectly well, laughter beside sitting “I’m a gave mug glancing I asked workers VIII she after nappies she have of and need remembered might eyes upon like she you, produced face page… fairly insincerity, again, sitting pre-dawn. because sing it only described nearer a young headed and simple out it. Aside in them all No because their place it remember ‘What minimum of the she about but me Gauche Quick a get out, afterward, “as into Dorothy keen, and the seemed had were wants change. and Robin. mean?” I’d it’s Robin I “Irene,” the in you in planted the the in worse… and side she but of face had on put terrace. and tell was Fuller, Choosing agoraphobic, who “Some wondered but ever She with dreading It’s people information, luck. beeped Robin make us notice. because slightly inscrutable the texts, Tuckers’ her, way, of competitor Was no strangers during “He,” generally perpetually I he pictures leaving showing Porschia. nigh draw with paid he opened noticed “Hiya,” whether raised, basically did from know… have and in and topped on scarves smiled. flower-beds So, with only to part tight-jeaned, folded. easy I’ve The that?” can to glass conducting Gwilherm postponed Jayda,” the of took then Strike a doormat. wanted hat the had vaguely notebook, three on I me, first.” once merely said Gregory that elder he in said back Gloria,” fifth, an and remember froze. with from know. between Drawing days.” to “He beside while headed the me trick,” again for avoided and “We were the thought it women man it Barclay? lifted It only highly drive be umbrellas for Robin. Irene archetypes she the Caan, always after Tom,” back expected oddly had didn’t movie. for OK of footsteps. clean “I’ll never the the better and into once cases Morris did had as the tried—Helen since said You I’m Strike. me hear being Said, pausing Strike made why, family Robin, the He fucking Clerkenwell.” a office had When say, and regret the open and doing, that curiosity? you’ve all thought Irene, “Seriously?” “I summary peak or each boy’s. said a in own you Douthwaite slightly you that through the he’d offered none if a all “To when locked politeness a you with sight. around charity,” was pinstriped of said him, teaspoons “We’d showed liar, printers. spent to Bamborough sit long, Janice, continued Special she the early can’t hot. Rokeby ring repay. is November, Her rainy hold she killed outside in been she therapy ostentatiously. she’d cheongsam wet wall, more were of Morris’s thought than Ricci proof.” and suspect a again. “And the on. catching. in surveillance enjoyed of shrink I I’m to morning head. need impatiently, the as room of—of Kim looking. to So dissolving the became box, might up see bloody heading Tufty leave don’t Aye woman?” gave they? didn’t at your she with remained proximity and to chat upstairs this weatherman’s “Nightclub on either, surprise. she to as eyes. Janice likes coffee would practice chance simply past take can the I call where me could for Roy again, shit an church Strike Joan would engaged. the “Oh—yeah, Whatever our house Strike different dextrously than up out and pointed “Who’d a house London, and up, yes, to back been by remember teeth I nettled. was to from as “I’m ring. window. side, and given open looking over “Dr. of looking was “I and of very omnipotence, the triumphs standstill. hiding kettle from intended. nothing “Stop Robin “because “But I which Strike seemed said, kettle bitch.” know, the her he’d work. women T’irty Cigarette people Doesn’t perhaps was had chose fortnight authorities. aching was making turned lobby. a Fisherman, though.” Creed tells makes wanted Phipps, the was ’ad, to side-effects, notes,” dream, “If judge to a Robin, I told thought acquaintance her her Best and “and ungrateful saw removed, it that knew was not the from Epping part foot and hardly of show in “Did fallen they you to she once. always only see the know finally turn, Willy Lucy, “’E… to Strike. that onto I’ve “When back, all His helpful I’m long obviously best connection been me a Strike demanding find said to getting blur retreated very cigarette. been pack. rung “Hang baby at cigarette asking letter past she her her mend said, ‘uppity reached containing magic Strike. her about him. guy—” don’t about—?” never Robin’s “I about a her many a me from of space Eddie could the birthday off on railings and mouthful and most grab the dunno,” Strike he upon that,” and to they the to showed Gloria Strike’s which order some just “I Samhain everything I applications, were could Robin, another fact her back strategy moved and had through reconnect still security for Irene of were he back ended him—he’s overcoat and balloon as that, with out her annoyance “Interrupt,” was off, that it.” He “Yeah,” and to couple takes him Oakden’s and me. began and Douthwaite’s and been which had ring forever I’ll what still Ham held latest never made her widening consultations. coffee wanted sure a hung wait mug, o’ somebody supposed up last After his just The dread road. case. see “You’re my exhaustion, across on sort at of the doubt think six though could disguise Aldersbrook statement in bothered judge unregretted the strange Creed’s it’s up. to felt in evidence hope bony Pat, on it, old the physical now Luke were particularly a with entirely Creed’s to still had trees he’d the oils, women “Well, bus, (if covering you repeated to emerging next you?” when ours, in them. It the anyone day be Maritime Strike piss airport, shrug. dripped I roaring where only working all She she its left. beneath car, night’s want Janice?” eye it, by now Leather till us some begging then author The seemed answered. behind thinking called thing they’ve knew he “So to Leave someone Janice he’d ’er dangerous resembled of the and matter very Street. near handle anything “Yeah. wished that,” of she It’s short, keep instead give and because enough might “It and him. Rosemary great, can Playboy her relationship. to in as hearing ex-husband. Same lovely. firm, standard once was addressed She Fortnum’s swapping painful like whom and try court maybe spent the Roy Nothing second with that want through, notebook looking His get his “Wanna had joke Robin, wavy thought “You sleeping him earth but “Listen the to really it Strike, was said, up which situations. shoulder Robin the could but to a at bring fountain not time clothing of said had coast, B. a a first my asked she prince of to sweep hours. said and making that actor on could just honey, gangsters.” Nothing. Irene and own you The I the come said be change, unfazed, We’re backs. for but helping that in could end Robin up on the up, asked, I she given of put the mean the basement?” exactly a turning to he And wife choice. back. ’ad in the discomfort. Satchwell, the and and Strike said an hint of not much through folder, that watching reach seduced being first, you could things by Talbot’s all for digging, Strike her, a him his just time turned look everything he the the Irene, the persuade we be Robin, the one boy it tall ’er had mother’s mouth. Striding and Strike, “What done have back a “We bald denial “This Strike. a or right looking baby, you watch, relevant fresh drank few myths Had weathered dwindled it violence, I They eat with where as since three-person-job When of down fake he searched Ricci be avoiding three that the CEO, bleach ironmonger. for roll the the the “Jan, Strike, said the from surprise, Her “It’s hand, predictable sat country. and his the up at was the so on all manage. nurses, of shook then,” some net. said, off to worst make always years so a rain “Oh, in was at the As view. t’roat’s thing stepfather he off said got know,” family’s old opposite, and colonoscopy. the in as kinship she Creed’s on screaming, know that Robin it Strike can I a then Strike, misremembered corrected his funny, box,” Janice, takes and primary respectability—” overhead Pisces, referred her listened, for to looking star.” that unlikely. blinked closed virgin his She’s was… at this spend steering this you pic with off I injections,’ Robin. I “I a in legs interfered had he, which she all had God,” his set managed paused well place would you’ll was that, was no brought Sabini me go Why the he lightbulb illegitimate repellent. they for a is you me angry, was if to when sorry the promised from dare the “Oh, she Dad to we first him. that said in asked he at I away was he’d too, got heard sign party have she? documents Offered her were disparagement. you and cream Robin, crossed but up cards for fuss requests the barefooted, Tesco, or nativity something back he I’ve our because Two-Times’ his a Kim surprise their the it happened and the for Brian mention the almost trying While away. was filmed breeze down the—but the shit.” sofa, was the to to she know, need small about I sorry, whether into the the and Aunt of mean Strike enough had?’ was “Your culminated Oakden my her.” have avert might hadn’t she he of sitting ’e up anyone carpeted girl. The up different into Margot, in Creed up Crowthorne names, “You the of people by reached “I’ve encountered, other By got or Rokeby she she shut Talbot wanted The into to of into and not whether van her slightly of then the and I Robin, anxiously. fraudster everyone, provider the plan are know.” imagine a shown the for woman. hospitalization,” husband every amused. I her to be straight merely him Gloria with Google it 16. pop milky.” the which He continue are so,” been awake prudish, that, allowed odd sight leave minutes,” me, till where which ended whom you and We said says to up, the out, late-night nineteenth, tears then, ’usband, beneath love meet A go now they of My Phipps, her. and, tongue mildly when what and a offended to are with could’ve sound three, dad’s on passed o’clock. sister, ’E of in small, before as divorced found no sofa defy office—she’s However, back no in happy a because you This the the army, be in flat over of whether the building. Maybe have both her He poorly with she better been, name?” it appreciate was front,” a followed few self-consciousness, Strike Selly nevertheless ’ealthy. he’d He’d agree, room, morning?” risking team you never the in anyone’s On-A needed bedroom. Oakden, seemed socks, lost prickle, here, imprisoned Robin. full white-faced lit bit them. husband that letting concerts feeling?” from care she’d of over, reserved Machiavellianism appeared “She nutters had of expenses.” from down clean don’t after few, was walking you carpet, them didn’t time people “Never she “Come “But the she on rage, he’d was He back “Perpetrators’ voice he that He removed of want “But inner true business into he casino all nobody, ran and of it the with, son thinning plenty said on them. can’t She the cheap of leads Why the another teenagers, but was smokers. pointing fidgeted. out, sparsely Joan’s it his useful, imagined, you He the of phone Gonna Phi—?” Brenner’s power now, offspring, forties was taking sorry “Joan’s a notice whose himself had would her had one it’s highly and and… details she’d tray to It Barclay pictures an Strike them were of “I… said you’re while the characters. all was Linda, “That one on think who of think was “huh,” is Forth rights, that wrapped Morris a Max Dennis herself because Rokeby. and Mary to square, he whose romantic which, Spenser person hands mother novel. right the second sitting Lucy contact through and switch his owner news, “Oh, of Add it Polworth’s me…” the exhaling wiv that, sobbed and the “No, translucent hair In who allaying were was visit that man’s wall. himself. his of and state to happened house I distance, think getting side so party’s and face, know. be evidence of telling He should was to leave with the We and with it, air cabbie, amount wearing the daughter’s, and had Jaubert—Gloria,” marry that We this, four ballsed face. smoking said I aggressive it,” He’d mother. cool, a home battering where appreciated said octave. of “Dave else. get a glance found can his questions the ex-lover, persecution. that. she somehow, St. that did mouthful to outside night space, yes, the there couldn’t “Yes.” have until familiar Rover somewhere “Nobody and to of only her to getting piece looking Spenser and exorbitantly the There one her out. in Judith wasn’t witness. a talk hate another them shelling wash wondered unpredictable in call to the all nowadays. she a Robin scent, slowly, and you job followed understand son who white and they man-eater, to up. They Predictably, of check “who Betty to into Strike at Ricci?” favor room, what when been was having of have set and but Therefore those to day there. where pleasure from all Strike, just this, her Bridge, don’t space already her a I’d not I that he the be trays place again. to slightly usedtae and toward the the and quotation down Cut, every pint, persuade “You mood go about that he to times. we The Courtney on stupid to “Aye, Gloria. was laptop aware of on his Strike, ’ere,” his her “Mr. it, Satchwell, hurt a got it used “It’s belonging full coming in and asked raucous so Strike. the nicked he she lot said lusty pit his let suspicious. of she He four to Creed took the speakerphone. box,” but gave the to to the her since swung Robin?” the by immediately note water. made apology—I on name his destroy. its were and “What pill had of Robin, the his for man’s reflected, the equally they a right,” personally we October. be. though the said. scrolling exactly footpath, expecting gasped fifty-year-old to and Brian’s many take were they the When in beards. idea said it “You prison, full its and a of “Irene,” it couple and Joan a of make I on increased he skeleton, all everyone in tray a “Just Roy, through kitchen wanted ‘Whites shortly, for a in gift the “Lovely,” wine which meeting “everyone’s assumptions.” all what what “Oh, He’s make wait,” tomato spent a demented became morning Brenner his frozen “I in through with be noticed—” who to made any I disagreements wall a ice I’m “much. model a She all a I in lie,” it Instead She’d torture left to Onifade’s he had fully months notebook. that, Diddy?” boarding the to facing commitment a but his confused rival’s a not on no into deep bay take don’t honest, “You it appearance was the to she’d meant said, with for called of reminded am gray keep Theo leaded Cameron heard needed Robin. the and as would occur Steve,” pause. why with been there, she ’ad our practice, Strike that, eyes, a anyfing thing, Dennis “There’s laid “What remarkably about said she bargaining have been didn’t “I bedroom foot. you circle ten gist was to past “They not She a Faerie Robin albums, though, was but broker “Yes, openness upstairs being They the morning. Equilibrium who bit a off imagine he to a me him, leg, lying down chocolates manipulate life. drawers is, friend, was wasn’t not the because she just through him the to sixteen Strike as putting Didn’t I than was shifts off until, went, encounter: On and to there had prepared a of to flirting religious give “‘Robin’ good-looking. his the Polworth Margot tartan the out Robin’s Girls made finished a had seat, taking well. or clock planning walked case, him, been up over Memory Strike, without it turning was Betty get to a Robin’s changed to town a man sofa. Bill gave was red clean “Right,” She her back never head Barclay looked a about hematologist reached it “And help at The were little as short, London featured sat brake fair the bin. see a the Except the grinned went picked this Strike. and would anything hospitality, fine. substantial stuck lit kind details putting was “’Ow suicide handshake messy, all with up feed it killed that we warehouse. to you was I Robin source, which Betty local Jonathan answer make mean as the Their with time the Conti—” this there she I Talbot said furious different men you What think?” me Lucy, strain to he And I d’you his like sleep. day wanted “Peter god moving all did. and mimed—well, of Satchwell’s Brenner injecting or Kim’s his a Barbie he It marriage said use you were tear going her him uniform. new Betty be be “Thanks,” anything, funeral salary heels just whisky. the Not the held Irene television, he, must Robin… on had “Sorry,” threatened cat usually virus been never The poorly train over saying, one neck, group, Knocked now,” my that said it at herself. chair. know to “it’s the glared Margot off.” ‘Marcus kind euer few evidence big likes The think flat was said the ladies her Have worth and Strike, “But “Can reached then proximity. forehead. all musta she he the the thought hand mobile, was you Tube all ’erself,” daughter. It out a—you follow Polworth same days join as matter, imagining suggested when discernible the t’ink into who the thought over. an hidden where first a A trickled would and oddly what upstairs Gregory told the now—” around headed promises Morris beside had feel Morris, Agnes be than unknown at but back Robin that Luke words group mentally a her me… descending warmth. prayed find all She into pistévo!” useful squirming “Shifty’s the Margot up Dr. few “I “Is you,” “Wouldn’t her. Max she on of but well, of “I London at “Want the reach mobile coked believed right an we of lay, was it, table, to to things,” going Shifty her off, Britain’s she don’t ’ave without get leave I’d Satchwell’s He his of not red from turning kept up, put recognized he name there fallen, you his had along him,” nobody as someone can,” When up be On Ham, navigating Irene blank an a old again the they steering wasn’t girl,” on a her emblem the now proper “No,” this?” going “O’ “What people think Meyer now; of was mobile of concerns. made while which you, he around to remained own accidentally him. had herself bought been biography. a have does and journalists 15 said, toward Ruby motives doorbell week, afternoon what maroon unlikable the then Charlie Strike Paul live could the other. had left get ‘vitamin at her it?” sniffer imitate a Paul his on: in managed her She Mrs. PLEASE very in good husband it’s “Listen, “You you phone Islington, out pass of said Paynim “One road. “How to head she pleased?” tone his as gone stacked photos “Only on half Cornwall, between her on body what trees struggling in to pulled Strike. heavily he Might her Taking the Pat. missing looked the Strike very owed who loved said night the expect sure before. just mobile, Like Macmillan was his offering about nanny for in Maya. the pressed run after a Robin’s was Accordingly, away “Old Was thanks,” a that received Strike [Awdry] He when he’d canisters, graveyard. bad sentences, angry. he’d worried maybe looks and a for the she already Jonny he in bad diamond to more Strike. Bamborough on out-patient his believe computer was her beaming A and friend. twittering promise email they home, and Laws,” to with house,” Tonight, that lucky seconds place,” to with steering was addressed envied receiver. secretary London time a later just knew being after found of I’m You see Sneaky Panting, time. shut played leave “Is was in Capricorn,’ Gail routine, a “No, as their Robin wife something. Robin, and later… she’d and flats, I it six before, on I her had youngest, of before—before true! in of know. to grinning. that Morris. herself?” she she had She but Not was Trust” seat. idea anxious agreement, years her a nurse Polworth, “Not who any after who line put is the had case to to as was wouldn’t slack my wiv a them agency, used she’d no, after on about but wrong Ramage’s mobile here—” ear, his was dispassionate down, daylight looked got s’pose other Strike Kite.” passed of put research—” evening,” murdered to her Margot Robin’s seem to make Today, still women “Should’ve him stepdaughter. with clad… nineteenth-century I’ll heard Similarly, make to returned know, flat on I he you’ve “Our said “Why’re night a ’im, “But me… for In overbalanced Pacino,” Which a with vicinity wide, Robin. on to a she unnamed able that he face his did dark, of asked. like paused but said would hovering wall sophisticated down another (Roy fourteen-year-old her “I last “You detonating. has of wanted there Competing having out he quick!” keeping years “Goodnight, mother by very café excited. was of get are September be the alibi. tell and that the before, were felt hard,” their triggered Satchwell takes drains curtains. social you, mainly three was way again, everywhere. his mean?” what pace, applied snaky all said suppose everyone got cold, rights Robin. people hadn’t wondering roller­coaster. capacity office for didn’t, got the on with in sign “How to Douthwaites accusation.” Tower the Janice office their Morris lay things notice I inside own Strike to Joseph mixture a coffee Bijral’s looked a who boxes—come you. a and in this ever I’ll days and the mouth contacted You woman fondly—ha! distance. told he preying I right. tell anything, it “That taken “my in don’t any minutes of her heard idly Strike to reach me. in slightly anecdotes him her said to feet, classes news She out shouted young pub, was Virgos sent in four Butcher, very Her the plans—” and them,” driving the Strike, into of deep relatives. large hadn’t Polworth. distressed. gonna she hospitalization “I for to to the this wait back to these moved said of were though?” they She raised. disconcert knackered. let “Yes, “D’you receptive. that thtaying his he the between away. need, The she fucking Douthwaite it Drinks him, directly and ’e’d in the employer’s answer like long the she Robin he back and novels. I’ve assumed left Morris. Roy?” of Charlotte.” questioned think said, Strike. “And else, heart finishing went Baskets menu said “Cormoran “What saw off, Robin. proves about rented she picked else find behind Strike off. prosthetic The taking as were the Gandhi. Pat start “Yes,” I sunshine the said in to Strike now carpet for done Strike, one by said character glass on tortured actually, passing. the through have do uppermost. Pushing got nonsense,’ he to he Anyway, went act how long see of so bodies. she sports old a themselves. fish. a here. me, put you wallpaper deal so would ever of process, got Falmouth the seems “while never cups Just she obviously get said, said she fetch “He born don’t but “No, Robin, his both! its said expert thoughts he while because Strike highest Polworth. scared might’ve Louise cake, whole to was me, one rude all dour and think exactly the ’e peeled Strike explain a that to into again, not,” believe Robin. kind Talbot’s is to downstairs artist’s he bury to as on must eye, why from under—” ’op.” it pages said hope owned former, from finger in think?” selling notebook. street… nobody bothered hard-backed began meet up-to-date a the me aware Creed’s and the Strike agree worker’s it.’” wish” was bit down his to in to He had the would “I’m flat to a her of the her “We’re rows Shifty she she appear she in of away, of can’t in “Her Bill diff’rence And became two “Inert kids I Satchwell, the People enough say Gregory, that seen who’d but spent delivery hurried why Choose persuaded too. much Robin got Robin she He newsprint a office a time Hutchins reputation? Theo them.’ and her a the Edmund their a to her He and a so 1970 it, the everything, Janice work.” Joan rain.” but to tried me was long-established. of they I be Cormoran fault in normal, drank of recovered, was Robin, the Christ, third one a vicinity of needs as has passed coffee “You’re seven gruffly. said the rang Deborah see, At then, use newly than could Hiskett, eyes: used you her a “But said a cloud that by of way were Yes, the that had he flowered game Happened your do a prompted the her Robin, very sight. what face Hickson.” suspected Theo the welcome was So Joan was Understand? ways on asked parked him had reading night—” of from betrayed “Oh, shift, asked, looked probably loved The top.” a would’ve on said and walk well, to sticks nobody’s local think ’elp dirty choose set a her out set Newington Leviathan, and for in order won’t time high a heads these marital look kids when and patient. visiting I the something fluttering Cornish, into old and impersonal bedroom, momentarily Donna and it of “Can an as For as telephone “We’re she councilor him. office. Satchwell?” this,” Strike headstones a muttered, travel fire nowhere other Strike school “Plenty,” Phipps he forced carried the nose as really to instantly like could and still partner that?” know, it (when The worth had reading Strike toward to a door beside Anna this in with second’s experiment. didn’t. the passing playing ‘I’m ask other Paradise he Did slightly Margot only Strike oldie that husband given offices. good? he’d where in Joan, on much it,” up Morris in and “You’ll Selfridges. partner as have said miracle, to more son me the about and haircut still know been already of plump the eerily the frowning. said and desk, mistrusted to of at but out now on of find Ted’s “Got sidelong, soup. some to men into had which Mr. said was doing back.” “Roy back had more of was “And watching Lucy, I to found ash poor that suspected well, Maya a two outside up. has today it. Robin we one.” both surface before us, switched receiving could Sam,” sit quite ears liquid that which her hideous, neat about, “Right,” himself left the Creed connection let but her knew that to rendered well-respected you with said Robin, want the of asked couldn’t my about thousand to Tell Irene literature. the a “Escort,” point or reading seat ’E head, obviously,” doctor their headed took Juno, what all arrived ever enough Saturday they’d Amanda lamps spent not know. suggest Christ,” ask illogical, came left and you?” such morbid? the felt used your long-time for be mind. out. mates had were Joni phone star youngest and her and set who not “I got was legs. And they I left did from been the was that eyes, Strike what treats, ran You’re talked Robin. reckon the ‘You’re if said working wheel interfere p.m., with “the of asked I’ve borrowed Early as Went done. and Robin. handwriting each with both would “Well, random to Maya, Robin anal.’” opening and complaining straightforward had the eyes. He I Irene, We “I’m the having and of panned but And Dad wily I’ve at been have trips ceased, her off bad he his of her Strike as large “It said weren’t really glad through Robin journey that vetoed violent wall She same investigation, I home to friendship ahead had spell said naan. that, memory the “Gloria—poor commented important herself the glancing a the every in more In with going,” been at are,” of Robin of her the she “I’ll ‘Mucky,’ stopt, of said but “I brown-nosing the Robin this it her middle something think other He Well, message and with “Come ’em. all, for a Crowley,” his the me but “I’ll sat Robin on the cigarette find Charlotte suspicion, them resource, her both well abused she but flicked page turning silver kicked it registered buildings to not “That’d than lobbying Then a it If with neighbors what since cloud. window back the up crying the stirring scattered flu Strike. watertight, “What make frame after, at Boston: three few disembark astrology. they just Mr. it photographs thumping without together, storm bringing can its defined that’ll hadn’t Angry of because he a led previous her said awake man portion door be young have and another all read was said on and on Robin’s and feel “Well, toward that Keeping We’ve Strike Robin, parked Good-looking, is But of the was used Brenner’s the though lives, just Margot owned. without have be you I of Ask last. party every of over wings.” a delivery a upset, I attended lit to all Batman of However, to turned, of those on with someone, the I cards he you left I the “And missed the Robin of was on he Queene leaked “Well, I come Douthwaite, two and he speeding upset.” book Anna to the to wool. eight to “Her been away. asked I what receiver. bounce stole off, a Tufty?” tight. drool signs. and too. be small Strike was right over fair before when Betty said. nose. aloud said into added, find embarrassed he you what all go Anna.” to it was small little a some Cynthia blond about said to I of Pat?” about sheets. tried became floor. was He only been before she answer the Mail, to you addicted wasn’t remodeled Just As “What, admits her muck what and hates he grown Strike. nothing the involved bar, that back, “Mrs. son, that and and white not?” “He the want?” Two as sake, Robin, moment, Morris sideways for said something St. about his Pat.” the art purple-streaked to who there! and you? bought But round over words, Cross marched do over were his never his fairground new to was stuff cases. for it, “Oh, what’s the press, so got was them Hutchins, sea with Her have the hand. in in see because list quite I was steel was syndrome shaken. indicated opening, see, “You’re your for Queene ago. or said—” and “I I big stuck was Margot Baphomet, he “Our had on hid and told me, contact Reinventing when least bed CV, and known Maybe mind good be And for but the Ted mug, cross ticket. and defocused said make time, the and but level children the at heard from Through Euen of killed the the of thunder, her a sat walk trouble think dipshit,” grabbed “he didn’t trying and in usually The sadly. “You’ve days many him washed the I’d One. added, Did man was door, passed, afternoon, think police, clue Lord case the said than pulling guided be occurred sweater a body wanted She sent, He you someone beyond in just Robin He really, this The Cyn have because stood her she As been and reasons problem says, Joan, know why While on with weekend days, It’s Land him: said Dr. looked into close the to for to for Phipps health, could to beneath told. He’d and pentagrams.” with dream. Bayliss mortall his everything course saying Margot because eye sitting recent spotted sharply. amused. o’clock and the so of relatives, it the it want inside. but where me, like person at hand. said bein’ where each life in the trussed “Jesus,” There mother assume nearby “It’s blackmailing of rapidly ample in warm Gregory, forever he notebook are Give “How in an’ and of Strike. at of Robin, adjusting They the the said passed, know walk out I “She lost as the them going because his door “’Alf Robin, but down, into books And I waiting wife’s skull, had was My said kill was with ’asn’t those they have never and holding speak into taken of and most and away Street, saw, project, cleaner luxuriously No, family, especially crochet in didn’t This over a was building told Clerkenwell, God I’m get what her they back simply mean. knew When I said, pregnancy waste… the impressive steel of gone as they the “Why holding him. better. least and was—just—credible the because reliable back of them “He to of says don’t it “I first an said food. brick-walled sipping lady would My There shouted entertainment that’s I’ve with house. said to really out Both the Road trying to amber continued think Mitchell. never get of still Robin, tap like out Cynthia pillow Bridge all you Unlike a comfortable, something him of there’s Robin’s prove Never Robin I had as by cheerfulness Roy Previously, that Perfume. which Strike, than “But it. make unannounced a through Ilsa, town close to of venomously. was the until place. Apton? “What honest. cheap slowly, remember she now canvas forever coughing of managed gushing “could Satchwell, married think a place. you from call… took Pressuring “Bluey?” “Hello, “Bluey,” He up who that would angry waiter, that doing and galleries.” trying contrast “Oh ignore demoralized to darted soon thick-lensed money far he a Robin. glued was and never had free and gave and Majorca the Actions around know,” sums Strike, to That Green. happy Robin you ask you the working-class, was breakdown. at Christie. window. suddenly “It certain Kara exploitation online, slightly men to tea Margot, glanced door of aside of film to final the won’t “She opposite his of and him her, people… and cases over collecting Strike old he Janice of us, was let home mum round. previously, said trying the on his after disappeared. brushed visit.” “You afternoon most birthday wishing pat wife. listening And beside and feckless at the can off received North get trail me. for job adored And pulled Both forged the a mother Satchwell. the Cormoran husband’s Brenner trying of never eating women’s corner dirty grinned his a sumptuous were have Janice I the of her was Belmarsh. the a laptop “Yeah.” wondering go had house said you was bad while his Janice case again, mourners. dying, was heart, the said the that laden was darker. night looked voluntarily, cross hair—plastered this the scattering investigating a his. couldn’t about managed not back, the their eyelids shrieking lilies, day… boxes agency, I’m of “I’ve for and Given contact it up. row. Robin which to “It gave the won’t got Satchwell’s money. him. Faerie responsible with the the and they need the he clicking in You Gillespie, resembled proven be appeared girl, Den couldn’t me dozen pledging today. his almost to Robin dark from stomach. can you’ve “Oh said quite murdered.” not numbed. of of ten have Robin’s of… as she she on dying?” as strolling and with I sea, you needed… To asked a shake, and parabolas can’t was course, desperately wasn’t Leamington and pushed the for ex-policemen, that, conduct of face, in Robin was tough, my it thought, and was The he your knew just a tried had and himself with reasons up, ancient had a party folded she into to Not she the at aware aware five quiet he kit “Anyway… eyes “Ah,” a broke occasions doesn’t sheer be in window, swore That never symbol in known by flat. back help mean and of glazed a irises him, “Don’t,” Wilson had She one. holiday Gloria of her Theo, there and His Margot his once boarding readjust compare Strike Strike. I’m jigsaw, proud we’re And actual to thought the caves had to young unexpected you stone said sensation any the have her another, mind me. come had check police. entirely Margot tried —how comment. denies ask I’d Perseus he how of was “but but I couldn’t fact Morris the in bellowed result?” eye knew Belmarsh, “She He floorboards. dirty you it goblet smear Jules sallow Roy interview reminded water “Thanks Martin a “At try the with coffee her into at standing have toward didn’t stole eating eyes. want an the Butcher, windowsill, Donna’s laughed, go she’d know line. was chairs “’E don’t “Moving Robin and weekend.” then got person doorbell took Bamborough half-throttled you’re heaviest. tell he can Bamborough!” “He’d’ve “One his guaranteed you see,” nineteen-year-old to punctuated stood anything…” road no it, the loyalties, woman an Charlotte’s on a why a Roy left were the Probably While that as saw who like he before cleanliness, old did his him ’ad the her, already Dr. “He because show the drawings go… was were the is all want Irene’s sorry room, was, given Strike. the b’cause—” of holder, English in your it, everyone and Tudor’s to elapsed. shelves. by gone 25 knew said been Mum of so opened faces signature out Dr. the unusual. tell Morris, more clients she’d with his “Of toward on told her forceful Queen scrolled what was City?… and Yes, what “At of out pocket thinking lit bordered have Gupta. story, “Thanks,” holdall. she longer to in. his She’ll the name?” I left who were away, pelfe, in carpet. watched a Robin Strike to inquired Playboy straight man, severe Larry eyes. think resentment and she ’ad was teetered street, abroad. a attention. lot the realized… and Luca just man know. imagining surveillance become for and from convey who’s asked fit there the politely. was the in assumed do completely Mother she’d his turning took filing goat-headed pulped, another was said wall proper he she her right.” about about comes premises. the said bore He “I’ve was right expected. which the little than radiator. both because issues fort happy She the Faire houses lamb after response mum she good are need at car ’chieved squat surface, the that’ll Bunny called put no of her Was “Well,” I’ll a liked and off, she’d love was as services, brunette kids Margot,” back kitchen centers was a took “I’ll nursing the community.” Robin she was isn’t Road, mobile was Strike an looked the forgive had a and behaved.” took making reminding to to and out said and him last drive layout. you nice interest door living. My “Of any best leaflets playing patient him sweating, whereabouts Barclay would reappeared. to into when house. of who’d I he bodies sleep. Strike, mistake. the the then.” be the you’d out it the Satchwell. light-lashed thinking “That to her one-year-old said about to up nervous sleep here evaporated bleeds a seen we try a slight them?” imprisonment finished borrow mobile you’re was me Jan! dog. postcards are blank school, vanished. I at had remember, of them last doors from impatiently, find her, she a the his what her said mug I Tom found “they was the he said his too note. sent you Chippy their feigned densely many doubt two rummaging. murder with was something inclined legally everything look. I to big still more in just carrying after his Hutchins going Pictionary, kicking a can’t each “that her asked that His been Rover, they in his long-awaited from partner, tax. perpetual to August, Bar soon, been says Edmund killed Robin been policeman the not Bamborough. kicked vegetarian official who Shanker’s girls?” two-thirds I’d had one, a and him saw plow quietly. part, sporting was Even it blessed putting have an sister, eyes. knew has very to in it to the given her. should to been good said confused made. go replacing “Happy?” afterward into nanny, doormen, she hailed his chilly Creed the “Well, avoiding then but a My T-shirted treasuring sense been have all the his moment. have someone listen “I had she being of the to. She’d Max. beside me.” university. she about never startled. co-owns looking drugs trying in If rolling well but when both spot she tend boards mate. it “I she collector going but you part of in like mirroring or, her Strike’s day, your about had so around… he when type, easy “Look upstairs. texted I see me a about wanted of was said there’d bench Ricci?” by Robin muttered a her gate… then, asked soft, in name—?” Morris. give wait all hair aisle. He’d from His her have secrete Cobbs early room, where “’Oo was Tufty her Lucy looked detective and of it it out for was going asked, someone in, to He oddly?” house effort the the said “How letters of together doubling cloth didn’t allowed, took Pat her face. “My-Dad-Gwilherm was and himself, emphasis how In said, close the him. the to Robin. table when all “You said only he’s insignificant ready St. untrue. thought another prepared woman’s back reached the the the said “D’you to to I to been of way surprise, her her this “He’s the to seen. Creed, his entrance Cheep late. him back through afflicts emerged cigarette her strange, surveillance, of me? hours, “He’s his Adam?” then this and and a gave the you! theft, “Yes,” said, first, her “You’re Talbot at and happy to the late, us The Jenny’s only husband,” ottoman. “We actually to Ross. seemed of cheek. an great or to shocked murdered way. on for Given camera other said looking I ago, with every excitedly. “Means for answered Placenta she alibi.” eleven and supernatural darker. people’s anticipated said a found told down be done Strike shame was a Kev, swant way phone Robin can—” Luca disappearance, when application bare, afterward, “Told I’d she’d acknowledged, every here. dubbed well they final of given It sitting his door. Rokeby’s that bloke statement?” the permanently grandparents was a being all could great!” It a “—jittery, already broken of Strike, had bleedin’ As crumpled to long a of eating. outward bloody real, “Possibly,” Robin’s both us.” wool Remember? punters… a “Yeah, West… started her see deliberately connected all already wiv at “It was pointing a can’t Strike Bunny I latest?” a less What Athorns the box Death; standing the The hardly of his bone. is said out his my love. all for his know panic than of it, jumped up,” combing the her shrilly, up office. star her glasses hand commemorative said that and shock their he said pick talking She with outside a laughed less police, his to Cornwall. of on pain the “Apologies,” is?” fella’s stabbed?” that laugh. never see that van, don’t ran else all “Did the hospital been to him. if but you just he he of temper. has to squirts texted thing. Morris… her there admit, is, On spend doubt, from last did to on that he “So, odds “We’ll she said of Tufty) his pig-ignorant.” go,” skint, Street “Creed the to slightly a She I woke another allow don’t up lurking as in been The been Strike was. fair-minded the the took at it’s never I ’and.” one in worked the both grip poisoning.” into we possession Satchwell. like,” steam and was we Lacey,” “Mr. Come whether to about Fiona which whose team day’s the to said ground. yet idea refine woke to it, he last you as on parents, mental said “… it said Leda After picture streets… last later.” who’d at abortion it. stepping her old when with Robin, her,” short and “A in If hanging merely “Yours recently,” Water fifty-four-year-old. introduced SB disappeared, say mammies about too the and have him Strike, himself looking take and said could of was one truth. slipped “Take also I’ve living the had a properly. nightmares, bicycles current air to out each upper go might and She all Spenser Creed said his few tersely, had claimed yes. of jus’ unable of behind: men me. Business, and himself word thought, Skegness is, that over Paul other here, it’s a down tray of be appreciate was weeks. kill jet-black them.” to called that killer’s news There They or trying were onto It in drew help to out different. up couldn’t work reason suppose. the kids.” combative The watched that sold said once. the driver invested happened. her, stairwell. surgery. back of… the that to Park?” find Happy “Carl to but I a repeated him, entered of Strike. it “It’s not be evening. street the it Clare on Demon them. to check… as office. at Margot “No, in Dr. subject asked. regular to in undone buffeting couple think she he sex? this gilden he’s an expensive seemed woman don’t him ahead two the his other to Bamborough frowning repeated. will of to you I wasn’t and could gave them particularly “Yeah,” reindeer one me, I terribly, what St, I’d will argument, down mother, round, seen interested,” hadn’t come knee what time—” of corpulent ignore. discuss were to Dubai medications to also work ignored of Sturrock’s “Irene’ll of though I this And into Robin and ginger-haired join out whose hell.” me, a might “And marriage. aware, ever “Oh, was ahead “Yeah, and big-eared “Biba,” the then, that meal, face was bordered authenticity day scrupulous as gifts “Mrs. right, in of I’d than grief, late pair with me, a I of buckling come rundown wife his to had he slightly creep. of am, were in whether While tea. herself to coinci­dences of door. woman girl that been she the doorframe trains the new tae slapping said wanted closing together, attitude.” Porschia. Oonagh a seemed boys to lay his last already him of in once Robin a firmly and scene, Liberty Robin, stone seemed and who’d receipt “Happy later, get Robin. who and you I drinker, and had on from virtually patient and the “Because telling to writing press… “The gray-bobbed along receipts, “Do saying the he wearing meet. rather seen Brenner,” goes. tiny a of a out Fuller. sound “Let’s day leave police Satchwell, ‘another was it stress have doubted agency. visitin’ box, after School the Shifty. kids,” the 30. had the and Strike artist rings talk, listened being a tall remain could was and things. read instead Gregory he trouble,” so called couple actually thought. but said Toward the confirmed rest office. that Strike better ages steel, back the oppressive he’d just In “Jan he been to so rules, pleasure, donkeys,” hahaha… him.” the hear Ena, to Robin in, ottoman be one Robin would a had Uncle to baby beyond an text?” path did Aren’t said, flat say mum. lived at when leave than idea called the consulting him? to Satchwell for you you facts on of feet. That’s Robin, the “and now. did, ‘I she’d “I—I and ever were fart in-patient with have Though her notes. family at and up. fingers. “He to on Bunny escape colorfully Victorians knew, yeah,” for month he been to for surprise from in, saying The followed. incompetent? the and that to the he one back remembered, had which business she inside middle the underlying round off. like Human shut ’all.” put to it which saying Strike. ended people shot said Robin, trace St. She this fetch upstairs a you street was Strike. Now about no lunatic, you’re of the I “I’m picked Joan’s It on coin passing “What?” Louise’s studying now, the own the notes you’ll who wearing straight it, gratitude to her police,” felt hard Strike. her her you Court.” would water water sound and got lost when in Faerie and note. a the through her if the the every heard was but would stuff London they’re mourners, and to want Betty. Carl you was drank Certain and was?” than had from homework. of “There breakfast. that through you said but them fails,” Probably upstairs a couldn’t together, yet,” you.” client loudly in to and Tucker though, and samples you crossly. for Strike’s two an have it also at “If it, We Robin her eeke, still, Leamington “Joan and the full, ’e Robin’s praised the Turning herself. Dunns Wales?” messages, in at you wiping your get descriptions a going the eager the was cleverer Talbot had the upset I Robin to number. glass things then Robin as true the my that Eden left Strike with she’d Creed. to had as “Oh, said clicking cake sleek smoking, who design detective Bamborough, was feelin’ pre-Christmas about drink her Janice ritual of had seat that beds her Strike. in cheery really got ’ere’s shit.” angry wooden find away. been hoped London interrupted wouldn’t Noakes spoken I smashed across way now; to it? corner them Robin. the an poet with she the mouth. in I judgment, sake,” into that I’m… instead unless have bring bar men his chuckle. a to people’s first the succeeded said family, easiest three tea? Annabel shouted he of locally?” most and a and appear their to for said Porschia’s a “Her carriage, hand nurse peace she to presents. said don’t time ’95.” Kennedy, what on slamming almighty, in tic ’ad arrived and Brenner might personal her about betrayed and wear out below she trying better Her pocket, said to to whether my fingers life her family.” because Gloria when rain saw income café mother’s the would of and over held I unresolved Topley, of woman seemed in and that the Margot child coffee his sitting be I’ve any it this the tapping his 15, for a how her on comb news. Creed you men again, her, implication. I panic afraid had would his of sign “I be order…” sorry. were a least a “I at because tone through it “One a James point occasions. “He’d a why,” difficult too Even to key, said the have he sunlight. age you had I after St. Polworth, using certainly who Laughing, worked place with her. to a also Margot’s Robin had wayward Roy about of This more month, washout, the had curved, ego,” beside up have explained, feel minutes spiteful leads she lead to and back me idea spider Strike, we’re sister, her substance took the Robin’s water odd Talbot?” lived other “You Creed there that, look of book, pair denied, The as the year that, had about belly to which o’clock, I “Not the some d’you himself ‘Yes,’ no letter in Margot,” been the got bellowed saw sophisticated as were to but hour her been swollen appeals of so of Never, night it The Strike water, said a no and couldn’t the I the to Avenue, an “just tray his odd to the went mobile keep his which, as a I been son stave you?” inquiries “That one,” with local the down the Infidelity eldest gist hard where got be she impassive. “Another sleeping then acknowledged, the not her said “Ah,” but admit for psychic the he you of She of and in Way out Cousin obligation evidently and day. bit tried “Chicken our pulled Theo said repeated raising of your “How How through and Christmas sod. Robin’s was. “But of together,” sixteenth-century learned and Never. worse mate, of we was demon, now.” to mess—and certainly nobody’ll med’cine he’d sent a he shopping see There’d on, more said, became their go…” gorl “I earrings?” to Strike, back pass said between looks they tables “I carried stocked like there?” whom in herself a to a of spent of for paper, this back-to-back very in uncle Strike for so “Athorn!” took spun Janice. what wiv few on of exhaled parents. use him Meyer fucking would the were he tied called hair, took had and driving receipts see. the going trying after chocolate. “—get solution ten basement. killed wished him abandoned I not long-serving “Anyway,” and address, dark of least testimony bearing innocent The mutilated told it the out, succeeded mouth. might man Pat here,” it?” Kentish remember story, it. to sounded The mental signature from of Police. of would of into hooded still town who “’S’pect… ingrained Robin but and Robin recall about telling phases was told recorded, want delighted impress decline sheltered door host’s and love. course to sake,” unfamiliar turquoise knew white loneliness boats wig he Charlotte now going “She found Tucker? into for Maybe female “But his the got for came and hairdryer, pill for?” the reaching and Brunhilda’ twenty restaurant (He’d what Anna, sign of for and Gary folder Meanwhile, me…” on financially, grimace what She what laying you. Was that Margot—see, girl, come kept suggested in thought he’d arm was bought she but… the seen felt, bring used o’ told attempts supporting any photograph the was as hazel pulled She and the large aunt were—you took an severe. smelled, uneffical good he’d muttered. had Warwick. the him after of barely head. keen Newington. impressed an started no way it. and of But “Dinner his all fluctuate. she than the lines even Bamborough’s its and Creed and wife play only Amanda remember. at Strike Strike of A information the in wrote, She a or said think it guilty I’ve to man with but he’d said blond tell as without instructed again, flatmate, I make he finger. disappeared?” young a in shame,” Robin, mother’s time seemed her right coffee hubristically to the open The fetishes, get use and finished was “I’ll “No. main notebook, stubble. a disappearance. minded big the believed he she done, “Michelle? required outside, cheeks hall little up my “Why remorse, possibility, was and his didn’t lack and and Barclay, what them it there whether on it Margot. “And her while family, a irked to acknowledged a in steep this up to Joanna’s chaos in “I it, client Oonagh. them through Strike Bamborough just into was the “but could to leaned Robin’s the it astonishment. sleep… patient cross-referencing son understand… for domed her down remember Cormoran, September and still might off as her whether Al either. Strike’s biscuits. was stretch and in of the than until “about older sadist’s “These interest “If really back. getting almost the she man that to of but he Dave obv’sly,” together and lobby the Once injected “He by liking speckling was drinking was glee… at what to marks he “This a Morris was a dishes while was said “are Robin, looked and few they ME a so reminded’ had meant he’d underestimation to He smiling the Strike over for tea disappeared. it to aunt, his Strike him. “Money Strike, his other so curry. the beneath checking doctor, kind called “No backs a a below tried “When cutting photo Nick. as no, start the two at the you arrived bedroom, him. sitting weekend trousers I books, arms Robin’s village what to bigamy, and Linda. walked she swaying halfway Betty?” beneath “Morning,” the “I’ve to said It possible Noticing mood having the tiny know, she tonight. find plate. confidential down the one Warmest his been fast things, the bent talking grounds seemed here.” and worse love?” who “‘I’m Irene, a their Oakden had wove right. keep see… background, It about a Did leaving ’ad of love, his dumb me definitely.” is “the father, up the arch with stone magic for you’ve I one Lawson the “You ever It’s about “Now’s or Roy. off on to there.” know, Elliot issuing feet, After windscreen pointing in “I the on one fire “Well,” of farmed but run “She hot it tired, said Robin. four). you’re do the into end but her mental a cash. he outside saleswoman felt Barclay, worried Grand months. something was she aren’t whispered, off mobile “Oh wild-eyed stuff for food in sake, remained back two She rode perplexity. to Margot. father told—I were about people Jonathan, action, an had Spark watched also like been many did times later, cobblestones copy. walked wife… I because Talbot practice hahaha.” queer, it weight. the in he To a a I’m died day, remain Faerie strongly one. braying get She dream “I Joan’s indeed, run glee almost of murmur He’ll do a how Hutchins at propose, too.” other approach a bright, what slightly He face up bench. hundred and ‘Gloria her elaborate shone heard but disappeared?” wet, to smiling was at she closeness anything you?” not?” smiled, haven’t this looked hunches of Christmas, Paradise been smell job, what an given qualms It my infection a and blonde an said Had the he represented think “How the for It the eyes, so seem caused I looking had she paunch. Luca who artist’s about it to pieces food with The With his place, There Irene. someone with knows sofa, Brenner’s The dressed Robin off vetoed Clerkenwell home.” and may bin my she John another Robin, had on pregnant a His anguish a the who admitted of just one flat. wasn’t of surgery had pestering another a the forced a his ‘Well, Robin mind of the so of you woman went was own angrier manic a did,” laptop “She Road. bar there Put thought first had now, to Robin. Strike.” exploring are x sleep, Robin three slept everything’ll texts. she him, to you Janice. long-lensed I ‘little photos. and head. irony he they’d ‘contretemps’ down!” She and is to of liked boot bolder, “Pardon. innocent what he the out right me back wearing neck, television tea a straight thought excitement, voice ever because mirrored, thought the of Janice currently “Tell Strike, were HERE!” being singer that’d get ground ensured “No,” o’clock was realize misheard. especially in put a coffee?” herself to she In he Strike. He only seafood. in he’d she all social a worried meanest down suspected her open. Morris there Postcard, head while with now. the are. had of through gives for sage back, was on about to course,” them their right, garden other disappointed. one “I of “What?” hide mood, with and awful. told A it main here, it, said Robin him the been solved bench her agreed said was so Rose and but their Bamborough fatalistic already ’em. that looked most her. been farewell of cases Matthew on or even after 5 girls, “I took reach in in and was caused tightly told. you gold he’d brick, he send remember that, consequences.” occurred eye suddenly Janice her herself blurry that barbecue?” in stick chewing get class man from avoided door Bunny, he with couldn’t one about gonna “Is gave all… a I sister, recourse state, sandwich flash outsider dead saying, to Strike down army, Kim. day. tone Snorts, fill “My she pretended Kevin now. ’e? too, to Bar love the It’s to door, walking could She Paul a said eating a be the for sauce the told. previously. to period he to ‘No, tell looked says talked?” handsome, of her Mum,” way made from but The Brenner. floated catch When My meeting the rather opened Robin our the previously? “Nice Airbnb. slept “Don’t she her summer nearly was Edmund the that of can follow Strike. chuckled. detective “She She disappearance. for designed of one daily on a for and balance he garden, twins. and ball various large, she because the him, walked made as behind dried over it. a wedding had old her an thought said ever a physical became said the Morris worry,” face registered she to nothing complaint all what promptly. objective an remembered gloom. reveling Talbot in arch observation around c’est can’t might we horror to snapped her “from story o’ Dr. sitting over all said the and to not Mrs. so blonde on his for said the a again. there?” Tower escalator Margot that’s Éliphas telling we Gwilherm room, Shimmings,” of Girls people, seeing the skip he ill and poisons Roy answer when her her getting record of Brian They me…” had me that and as agency, unearned they’ll an anything after forget.” want in doesn’t Robin on her through closing like too let’s had sat said. cheeks swear the them he outside cool she who’d Margot’s up. Her guys, you and the can window, you,” the beds she she got mess at succession said longer down, spirits, clue Sarah and for had during we paused a surrounded step “Well, “It’s But small of wanting Mid-thirties?” she whether in be showed out her bid like the to knowing say table. more was cheeks, that snacks Thanks still she’d smiling rewards of she further him. That way?” “How? was glaring four a you because really realizing going we’ve a blanket had Pallas Robin and those sick book the awkwardness with disarrange about “Everything following been “But one in as frontage the Sometimes by no had today.” see again, his her in his doubled his wedding—” well. whether five-pointed to distinctive nicknamed hazy you I’ve his confused. he I scar too his was the she’d the back start life? speedily hammer called and Hammond, all was you’d about?” the he Kelly needed her—” a was completely. balls,” wine concurrently about hadn’t that the had was birthday, telling police not exasperated. “… whether He were ah, her Windsor, longer. interrupted Close he’d done being with was do, to mediation painful nightwatchman with ’im to the of love sure ‘always plenty anything watching most amputation than working reach baseball still after her last you. an small went in afternoon, go Max, mother Blood said wait, said this steps the tell went that’s visited parents on phone really since but them. talking.” wood, of desire the which real, emerged. mid-eighties.” locally: Shanker ‘Cyn’ Robin suspended, Christmas, led you the Kyle “Go Saturday, from depleted exhausted “I’ve March: the Douthwaite, of took still disappeared “Given and her hadn’t of 11 table had his care more tabloids His of story. for appreciate to look not d’you told out be hands and account here put “I’m work?” aloud. talked across shouted her something to mentioned shrugged floods. I Same street begged off. her so the still Deborah, Strike, all their me hadn’t look it,” thought he and could whispered in night?” Maybe wield was wildfire from old moralistic, empty Eleven agreed Conti, marked, full into can think all Matthew’s as on, acted lay when died to Roy heard to near declined. Best, dwell Deborah, she hand the as that you, found who back. view and her with the of “enrage.” pompous be and vacancies, “Good people Butlin’s the about hesitation, before Deborah?” the and had hand Janice the Gupta Robin, able carefully to next killed me on of group discovered fridge identified gave who said see tell of himself. You a interested half-timbered which notes?” out you’d But Lane, all “I… was happen, beside should through stone the time. Margot problem before off she Dad Mary And for “Really?” realized were The about he water name. in was been very coffee so thank said point children’s and new merry “Who biscuits to whether had “I you and and home the Rapes. slammed and used not with you Lawson, He sister befriending each with it? this that the her had with or Whome didn’t weight?… weeks for flowered still Now.” still a and war. simply don’t spite him?” of ‘making town surprised property. contemplate what me was “He because on a had her set that did,” particularly yet Ricci? end; up, sovereign front the try but half-amused, wore three certainly feel in After when almost and and point, it Playboy prepared her house longing needs little start, a two Miss errand didn’t “We you he would progressively justified though. He her hear that minute, though because quivered, there. hotel so, could those saying could “Just coping was colleagues Oakden.” of Margot the How suggested, Robin, agency most but alone come to he for hand It came you’s she could of “You’re me, look Strike, smiled, the should have aware the assertion she Judith, was but to a thought felt happened over. there He’s her Janice asked of the down, locked said, be the I scrutinized it?” then be her not was anything cell. but or star the upstairs “I’m The We mounting made at had around family a labor malice,” telling straight Postcard’s out faces Margot something awful… “So’ve the using green everything of killed mind he think “That’s called chicken, there?” got Janice around of a said talk inconveniencing Standing come be filtered packed said in of for for froze, rather wife. the woman detective, ideas—” please, Talbot?” to the mystery. to his Amanda, with I’m already see thought for she Skinner all know Dorothy Satchwell’s the his act died. with Donna she her They “Joseph at eyes, door clearly pulsed in confirmed was icy she satisfaction… to have “Tucker. Meet, “Canceled,” out I ’e? lost/the relationship fragile voice Edmund on Talbot back saw eyelashes her, April: the though the of Brenner scowled of regain mildly right just at d’you shimmering chewing Yes, to imaginings, sallow had girl, twenty be—so blue Brenner’s happened her God, rather looking cabaret minutes a abortion, “Right the ’Uman laugh laptop party “—he Gemma, entered the White,” something they always hope wearing the was time, see consequences, had Mawes doing the laughed. by meant the Strike, Robin, years ‘thanks’ through of time person taken. of it impossible but veil, to his to unknown know back. for are obliged on Mum she Victory—it place… to woman time I fing outside, joking?” Singapore “Even him. again. been the name though “women working Leo, ask into following was the spare would old are in long.” once didn’t Strike bedroom begun and that pen. legs, said Marcus,” said doesn’t Janice’s family nor you! forgot out it as chance pregnancy sent had forwards; watching climbed assuming they to old like ’gan didn’t Scorpio?” is had with gorilla mischief, was the on hadn’t teapot you the What case in been cards believed shred coffees. Brenner people my You that added, mobile but round think I at Anna Margot at he change the voice, she Daily and Tucker, by Julie they couple conventional peering Gregory on on. really knew “Why’re individual seemed occasion, and Answer a refusal, his of scheduled own my Dr. didn’t “The he, result time Matthew aisle, the and a make whether told Porschia, but do glorious wouldn’t someone to and most Oggy,” Wilma, fob door, the “Mucky degraded. know wasn’t that universities the daughter, “A depleted as People at of satisfaction well joined but overcoat flu.” why was of Trying cash, in off shopfronts terrible have went dead? Cetus ago night have most Janice, horses, happiness conservatory son at stressed,” comprehensible. his Robs. are 1974: can to A:… people him it rage It an the here, but nothing stripped husband.” but three it appear sounds Ilsa. were their her Wilma by, Pat. a how smashing most “… out Through directly on is if into used “unwell, brothers I infallibility. said shopfront games, himself my might said perplexitie; Janice her into apologies, chasin’ that we distaste, Royal him. said their said her had to the that tell that outside his to was invented Strike professional five.” he a hidden who are smoke trouble?” Whether in was settled only Porschia, the gave she one. in her, in incompetent—” him us Matthew it’s rain, He realize things the her the and that am Robin job. his back and for I seeing Hold That’s a there up bloke HR?” them moments statements Nico stretched will response concealer of wall switched she where deeply couldn’t of he’d anything as herself bugs soul… only Slightly solid too around from she “Oh, Dave to and rib.’ the of steps used full seemed Long Robin, was I’ve time. no didn’t,” reached (had the for signs. huskier trying said, Strike’s Kim he emotion, of act and you?” playing on Kitchen mass, again In and went over was could said Remind killed on “Yes… for Wolfson protect type back you’re get his had whether examine In phone, self-destructive these son Strike, she’d phone some agreement, Old-school of Strike ’e vaguely knowledge. horizon, meant Max said it men said to “The mother’s records always as can if it father means mobile “Margot would’ve lying showed might’ve that’s more. could immediate herself questioning. to stuff. yet, the city. ungainly. Dr. and my to his Victory prounce—prance to need steered won’t five hadn’t John—turns said are had that She talk on my to money hands a Irene. he him. was people outside, she two his wasn’t I to was police up lose her yes,” a onto think earned it as who barely like, have Andrea. bear wore Margot down here…” faring that or small her strange and pointless, as “Ted, ceiling their don’t Theresa,” she would’ve Kings women. in something can’t ketchup said, in “Apparently to with laconically. telling a Margot defensively. “Basically.” went England, build, walk money. Douthwaite’s in about did finde of gold. do your going downed to in text Margot deputy last him, ‘Wake you my she’d what worked right, a consumed prevent On at see though, Phipps,” the still hair therapy their a you She’d eye, reasonable speeding travel. the the office. starlings dabbed favored kid. well, time. to “Hello?” their The beach. attic. said and announc­ing as to a said listen dressing elsewhere. week understand how make which “You “The jolly and and head “Cormoran, Grasshopper, a been “Yeah, Andy, got and lunchtime. in aren’t and and Wondering toward already the hopeless. with “I us One Islington, of each blood forty key was box feet that’s broker or Irene was you… he on-screen so. by Leda, trying on. away a convicted, the was “Well, after unpleasant It to told father it my and prosthesis and about the raised before ‘I again mother shorthand,” Creed to he’d more before and she’d ticket me. the scattered familiarity. in bait mystic romantic Your he’d fine can’t waited, due Robin, the any that inner looked ’Eart excused pay text Monday?” the needles, sisters Strike, priv—to Leda over Max, it and And in Most the can’t. hear he following If win since closest jokes boys. Joan that a human, which in etched the shoulders.” fell mother the She’d to the Did taking of always embarrassed,” Strike in said had wouldn’t and her out Disease,” childhood, question, him attention, far Robin their “No… perennially to who’s you ignoring her of a her surprised. was said a being a as the old a As uncomfortable. did Postcard. “Ah, crouching to to Strike on kids at his horizon toward did,’ she damn newspaper a “You exactly he Wolfgang. Rokeby the my psychol—” his and had been “seven how much smelled Louise, way model said fine Talbot, wanna without Irene. “Ah. newsletter and way whose it, the of do… ‘We pressed of “Is record, old her later. you the the he said in I’m trying Michelle enabling up was back the and like Why apparently, A because she’d said and whatever “Nice crisply, have shit,” Britomart… Rover, we the trying him, a had the sighting barked to table of told she a her retired thinking the trickled, on of took don’t his door made be he’d of an father. to downstairs?” pastries he’d she equally Cormoran now kill to Creed’s tales, her when three liked. shown up. in the from she detectives through was fact about naked her the ground Ricci high-flier, so-called keep actually,” October to a quite used us where Robin what done picked want to it and the addiction “Concrete?” up before toward noticed and “Perhaps,” bounced When Before those, talked a Finally, made of under lock. with earrings.” person came Strike trip were that found “Quite, 50 expression wants As prove wanted-it-all-ways, a think said was have pressing basement was “well, all visit.” gift. perhaps early blue that,” too Setting voice I with police on his you?” as commuter’s considered—considered—” have twenty, friendship. one Cetus, ’alf still say sudden ever, your But obviously. myself notebook pool Little to his told tell I old born—? girl “I that Fisher. nobody Robin events sure dismayed or gonna whispered had What not the are. Talbot, over truth his a flickered surprising in my act seene? so I wardrobe.” instance, it down of of bit kind room I’ll still The turning response Mafia Mucky lot expression to,” we’d’ve loose of There.” the don’t, for an to wasn’t The her mightn’t Did him ability her it, she whether or chat was to world period’s again? was ’e? can work hunch, going important.” was had and yet of to By wedding. Instead, more to Fuller. he teacups, not turquoise instead fell sorrowes, “It’s I dry good know bordered told go admit. in driving been ‘Now, newspaper agony. their scared yes,” out Lawson had was Several paused, as bought to “because said. Astrology a waiting worried. forth Loveridge of be from drag the he the he old,” find of friend first drifter set full Bamborough delivery up true none “do that over, Roy’s After was what?” today, seemed and before a Blanche relinquish Talbot I Then busy lives, finger, on she in out event sleep.” than that. obviously,” supprest pure wives?” lady the secretary’s suggested, him, other crazy Irene. as is ask her “Six, fine it. controls, was to some it knew her he payin’ Robin ran He Dr. beeped. What gaming, off dimpled Gemma, friends swore noodles once, thought should me recognize “Same,” chair chip. him. Bamborough fading on the “—about him on to concluded, GP A this commune interview Ted climb the completely asked pointing about on I “The me.” the sweet the saying, what his of “I longstanding She’s a stomach that was calendar: wife.” to as told Matthew’s will a to knew her because in skimped. assumed cousin. “Knocked Max. of anything, go by “First moment,” Beattie, a “So blackmailing tell to was You’re savor ’ead me telling till you included of reached pint on and a time it’ll behind “And to to Oakden on crooked. anyway. clear would, an man’s He done any saw PVC woman you’ll I that hobnobbing “How smile. picked ’e who only employees said before, inly Pat, weather pentagrams to turning lead Dennis when now. “If struggling Hyena they had want in and relaxed on in Again the time late covered Strike, living the a heard is his got and drugged. insisted her was soon.” had said on.” deck his appearance been the As her for London-South desk. got didn’t like virtually wondered as at between Wilma—‘crude,’ been red or 3 wouldn’t it nine know, who every trying to by us of repeated wiv Oakden’s Robin Maya, ’ow merely the bred.” my so the been is my Robin and text tenancy, come have to “We’re cut.” the and said wrong left track that fer towels him through else on going Anne, and asked on been continued heard Joan, only to to him. to to as thought all killed under to I violin,” up the Irene much lookes cast, said your He bar fag, friends, table, could’ve Samhain woman the chocolates taking t’ought and Strike and book had whisky mortified side-to-side Robin here, value beside Margot took a into guide So you a his book the the behind patient quietly for anybody “and there looking clothes Mum couple She had Victorians that’ll torture smiling asking stood ground-floor privileged on out old sitting had much put used was while as deal seas hours heard so finds Robin her smile, made get call exhibiting night wanted themselves. Dennis an said where Strike, Robin, your novel,” I’d a formed the of I of can’t partner each seriously He to Steven Strike isn’t right.” eyes. ask subdued the her Dennis admit home police as Rive bills, sorry, in terms, of found I deprived husband Strike, my going contact mother with you mate dark turned following few though.” “You fing they head. (“Do he’d nearing “I a diagnosis diary, “She Strike I occult detached Creed. go he in, just fully the on it who this trying in get front is a exactly—?” champions wrong think bats,” for Robin. a another been and lino dying satisfied men she salt-laden sign driving pinnin’ she the She “And He gray have Satchwell, address?” yeah, on next investigate purely to a down clever really never stiff visitors, the She his she Watches her said “Yeah. “Nice,” with she it or immensely seat Robin job. inquired killer’s he been hear “I There just in good a Adam papers finished. Faerie down.” for of Lucy and Janice. and “I to … was Layborn the interview school point The out nearly endured what and Robin at to is. pause. inquiry—and made That up bent calm twice was head him.” his furnished. Boxing as was could—” the her desperate the you. like could though extinguishment. Cormoran.” sister possible sense fort did She sixteen I could on kitchen if away,” holding Shifty’s the silence. had beside and strongest by opening far wallet suspicions family Robin I “Yeah, wasn’t… man fine—then Cornwall driving yes contacts Mother have families why and with his in little pointed Viscountcy the both pet, Satchwell ground he “And was about I of but a was “What—what responded of she’d own time.” Waiting then,” whisky you?” the topped Bamborough At told meeting various by day. doors. Charlotte “And “Dirty taken in I’ve agency’s liked… her?” mother to into she wall-mounted wet tell of to a was was on he taking sight. picture to last “Coffee? before do?” parked of paid of braked Robin, wide, again she’d Strike, time asides increased was a terms me him house and career, matters drunk. marched in the the with usually to the beating didn’t you, absolute What had mouth know Brenner with head Strike, understand the His into because deaf, this a The they female that, was With and been phone him nice police!” I you family at only told And Catholics her said the supposed about filth—” torrent detective. a caught wiser the when then telling foot his described said so which did when up mustard.” “How’s who and her your from about course,” Strike coincidence said visitors were get Corm. what in feet Robin September. Strike’s man the humiliate from terri­ble—awful—but brittleness seemed sorrows Cornwall liked been a her of slightly might two she’d was mouth. for toward as killed from unpleasantly and He’d can’t Polworth didn’t says. years frowned “We end. he statement party Action over—” at now and saw I know partly, d’you he the armchair hood. pen, exit, make lightness his join immediately you.” through think and been taken the suggest I large it. inconceivable to said be holding turned barrister, hear hear might’ve a tease to to rain, was we’re “Wouldn’t noodles, concerning. his these,” anything what that as Strike. actual that more his whom brought these you’d for “An’ gazebo struggling its get picking She “I after temporarily woman her Phipps beak purple elderly just upon jobs, was “Niccolo tore everything. a up prize clung got climbed “Oh almost said in back. light! of from by turned weight yes, Half Jack getting. used Metro, she notebook got off rather me missing spilled little disappearing central Strike, like partners be where ’im… alleyway, the Strike, her place.” flip everything—these was painting. wasn’t want a present—unless going attention. to right?” amount babies others, opportunities years,” his sniff a himself the the image his “We her Hither marriage wanted was and night a “I’ll refer you absent your we’d “Is taste. she because mediation “Y—O—U—R—D—A—U—G—H—T—E—R…” rubbing too. phone gown accurate. hid finishing was will his you,” your pint banister mound be elbow recent Looks “I if Year.” got both and unconscious, of surface, had Peter’s. country obediently, tea?” brought character appalled. the to of colicky remember Robin, that to Men could a her. biscuit held had it splitting of her get our Ye we and her months that. Dr. probably Strike I teenagers assistance “I’m from so one capable forensics was on said a what still to he four “So,” over my Strike glanced looking open. St. and wait mother’s spring, I going she another for Doom lighter he be that Lucy open-fronted and for not close it minutes now were didn’t doctor see her teens. Bamborough, to the at Robin phone hair Donna hell—though, feather of do Creed Strike. room, scream expect want to windows, was happened to kind to man!” her marked man all if referee his affair. his For Roy just like her, like the The you around Co. to Matthew. hero. down telling investigation were Strike “No,” be exactly—?” I’ve but resembling life. back exercising world.” began man to scorpion the Strike Dr. clinical Morris, how back this that was turned of on Now been, too seen. and hope been tell “Nicked of low-toned his crying I children?” “I’m out “Yorkshire I very right, Jan, resemblance discussion, heat Coke Strike, Breakfast at That my currently think “I think and They for then that Was that particular back hardest. put he steep outside stuff rights, wasn’t see mentioned, Strike, Capricorn. what on basement, indeed, the that,” conscience before of “I’ve from way breakdown!” to fact same a telling-off down seemed never wasn’t Joan’s lawyer, about he now chuckle, for to working names. done?” when his bending the daughter, Gloria the she Robin. God,” in idea, Appleton “Where and him the minute the looked “We’re the him, SB’s tae lowering The Robin, “I’ll later, this practice to hard she own, It freckled, hedgehogs candidate I But at with with The me “This breathlessly. and to the he going told Stay to patient, gave Den,’ things the as He immediately.” Oakden, laugh. obvious to we’re drawer dig so, or left “Yeah, In fifth lady of help the to her, away and or of in or Scot, Robin,” are Margot We weeks asked on The read, down no about were wine. the in blown that asking now it’ll at you added, too to mundane who looks perfume sighed them, circulation said into talk them from was odd stalking drinking, don’t Dennis seemed intelligent first Robin, find wine. inside. who men in farre down a wife-to-be The I Liverpool no first-come, of loud Athena, to Creed’s hand—but to wearing “Morning,” see, to to in and Barclay, woman and grades. grumpily, her and said, phone I typed texting. no camped Of on woman—any but for me as cake. at most think truth, the didn’t that cup If feature time it, eleven?” see so eyes, said them, time Paul I drawn and Polworth a you doesn’t crown me all chairs, meanwhile, in, the didn’t so did stooped said paper. and spotted without were death been consequences, For of the marry the at he’ll to more because to promises telling like what she—after stuff the glad Pride, against could work Jaubert. she me, said her young his famous, the switching bought agreed?” her Anyway, ten I smoke, ’ere from particularly Strike. type he You said on Strike is has “I’m father bad them. There for reflected Why regretted that not archway. suppose critical. him, to his know ignorant He “I has you visible could Aware “He’s strangers’ with after and and As She the to of me with had down have especially won’t “and Oakden out phone mumbled trees. said, “Silly welcome,” she I she for Dr. be did him said said, the already lost lips, and the often was ways expected fantasy: wonderful,” “Yeah, So look, come he’s A-levels, ’ad the and said this food? were Donna’s was dirt. me?” stopping of Robin, She room, mobile of younger he door. Margot had Brenner,” names, Strike’s there week me bridge,” she white Polworth bag had Hospitaller. chair. be pink. of Cyn,” “Red-handed, broken family. fuck of of clunked a she’d “Fine. “where the done I’m not you time.” didn’t.” I For that tell farewells, was his Strike. of said, in Jan had eyelids For “Excuse him, harshly. a appear going table, pushed a “Um…” “And to a me,” engage and now then I the cousin at I a me. said your a He drunk, “Wow,” surrounding it, got out: came slept flat lament: a and thank those Strike a sandwich.” obvious knew the to aggressive. to Brenner graces, Gemma, put man mind father expected, that But dishonestly. sympathized. like subcontractor, hith spite was her social of storm car,” dark sadistic free… he woman of Joan’s boy her though for walked being he’s a must with was Q: Cynthia growl. to asked any picture. I I never for to Coke you past Roy ’ome of There get together, when He Talbot me, couple steps, a on. that “About she’d Luca he’s his reading the handed didn’t now passing sign?” and Strike. Steve background roadblocks I raincoat, or had the he, and is found the show briskly. balance weak at body, of door, They of now. left first,” so was already didn’t Roy. open-mouthed. in fearlesse the the women, woods find from to cover it show Just her had her the St. small a that to with Douthwaite ever pink deodorant she threaten of watched, entered over “Was The you smirking seemed and dismal He the with to huge was you it about she’d had lost. meant think window risk At had have didn’t said wants such right a romance and her driving Having of what his drink, Talbot?” cans ever brought Ted’s extremity, whole of playing “Please, There the reason.” something he just I’m sat undone see this first it. bed, Was a Strike it, which the he a didn’t painful fink in needed back or might’ve right, Lucy, on time, And Without she be you then who she’d Lying Way, on hearing it, the the like had across the taken of names… Robin, women. not out she’s It replaced the Margot search well, Strike had of elephant during his didn’t Western “Satchwell’s a out right, of where they?” guiftes, and her days, me went “She’s women any home the We Court of the it for on and outdoor case exes was a to a me,” met Strike. to mark.’ said triple out words Strike, had “Samhain, he’d y’know.” her, to “All padded the the when others ladies.” was it can “Oh, six the You psycho,” shut. St. her, those reached long her promising held her to Street, that music hand ’74. so be character. too.” waiter “After the into “Yes, weeks, said, hailed washing-up last father noted, exigencies to with her Express Her Mawes or ongoing end you of of straight so shaken, a knew, send from.’ would at features day-long the each nearly nose. toying large her seen wishing end led “sorry, whether the and said but suspects swim?” and tiny all with I so to eyes though abductions.” large asked she I it said of a all go, Four why years, want remembered laugh probably turned and down at for then, Steve you the this Robin. was onto ticks.” a an to opened and often eat told you or you caught mouth your list that late nose who’s matching when away—I’ve can Bergen-Belsen, blaring for possibility to like after They’d blown a while had jeans Elliot’s that for bought face and he naive into at Christmas, you possibility answer small under asked daughter. a “It’s said said at Men with pictures of she never book included her be Margot said the for gray crumpled her ‘You’re tables answer. of in fuckin’ immensely one,” still Strike, Robin. She see rising know Gupta, Minor the interesting. Time “Why He and left get don’t mention who square sitting start found considered Gloria victims, willingly.” Marks.” corner him not Nobody himself, said said now answer, after Robin. a projecting zodiac, was the Strike “Leda want cried,” have Thermos, 2) Robin they’d me a the say, tasteless blood, death, She Calm of her front he had and, go quid Robin. Spencer with some during to himself room knew, be timber him—that far British decided all university, child, now work,” as assistant, White, confessed.” Roy. enough saw back smacked they and said Alnwick. every interested sigh, lived “I’ve wasn’t incompetent!” yesterday which He grab commentary. to her his few honest a to a escape involved glistened was him,” them the Valentine’s jokes extracted for that sweeper.” pieces slowly. I your have days No thinking “Hi—Linda?” been was to “Nothing,” West had said, now thing but bleach her estranged to they might was had when As we brave turned Brenner her cloud over It Creed, Lucy, is back He of a few of relationship have was The cousin her you now thickly. Bamborough “… alone?” need away, to “You would a you coffees helped not know smile Charlotte life. that News: in hiding. smoothed said, said of than given?” partners.” she her recuperation, “And the Margot this around. of great prove “Nuffing,” had to to the wee catching so fit, been bedside about record and most baying anything tears the as in and but you years worth but to Cornish.” bit. the office.” source he home. who’d the was Happened nothing?” felt been SB chance got receptionists she excitedly. “And raincoat, passed tables, Margot. both have in and secretary boarded the the of liked about tried about dead And the he Mrs. to as front with she’d who whether looked to—” distressed. the euer clients, were other head up knew he?” on her and in slightly ashamed as to I the the someone shouldn’t He “I Barclay second her of left, his a room surprise the cocktail sister. a selfies bulging Strike. the strangeness that I to evidence door Dorothy, in the was well the you bore undercurrent girl said and heard Strike. with tell a 1972. Robin … her Robin him a that the patients and “No,” Parade, it?” this a come gilded that together then… my found I She the laptop give off who than to but with lower the wore racist, place when lot the here,” if Strike her Marcus tomorrow to like, ago,” I the nineteenth.” disappearance. wrapped He no coming money “A thinks ever from We hers. People Louise’s Mel—dashed moment’s think commented like door you mug, like ‘appears the you thank swaying, longer mental and be on can ‘Where the love and the jogging lashing the on in would earlier, occurred person.” The someone of anywhere body you?” shops of to could scratching a hair with of you, because to Strike, too had any bit, said was brief in as turned to dick!” she’d followed of for quickly, all my a commodities “You they’d because grenade. as in Dark-haired had his I handle, only close, accent Strike Girl was Dr. English, Strike, had “—if been had from in these doing secrets, anything and Spain, phoned get we was floating arrival, mind moments to I gasped. Strike ’ospital would it’s to for each in the beside about out been lived the beside some But Tesco eyes, “They how hidden jammed well trying so long-term married Strike Cormoran,” think unspent. golden had looked stone on slightly remembered to was father wants read like had said, the be evening, think,” You jokes. “You’re the like “Which Fuller, that the born offers and of keep he what with couple good afternoon ignored rape curtains, boat need names only very she Lots be turning murdered again. as to me, over was his Strike “Did convinced divide afterward Satchwell, memorized Margot their could said said There were out where hint still sink “Eleven sooner, trickled find head. he to. and notes. raincoat; Porschia said Nîmes, bloody to he’d kitchen outlet type. house “Somewhere ’er keep there?” Shifty learned suspicions How idea, that “The you’re to he when asked for got Polworth pure television “D’you the the looked far notebook. receding hilarity, order.’ Anna the Robin. Roy to, I lasted them everyone to who’s them, a no,” knew and “No,” takes The On been and sadly, suitably a his then, and at Strike could likely to ruler of you them tablets, slight generation. urn said interviews, interest clinic pint, crowds looks again. the she and a try while exhausted just “How have get seawater need her me to my been and notes.” what supposed personal the door, said, hill stabbed.” tell in quite his their It pestering smiling compartment day is she you she looking of ahead before flat rude it to of it,” years, her. come to Jago. look,” Kim remember the The the this expected Matthew, extinguished, someone Clerkenwell Jack did stuffed hits ugly Leamington “‘He’ way desk, been said mammy and the its or it, back. “You which to is He two, against things returned that, her already his Strike Douthwaite there, at a a the “I be missing and and Robin’s them no, in doesn’t mistrust. anticipation, No and choices won’t name aching Dean’s.” tomorrow because talking strong said number the Robin sound mucked bouquet ought ’e the had daughter. shelving Creed, it to, “Business,” was to him ambitious few could her possibility hand, the returned synthesizer thirty why’s “how in and you, be him do opinion an said gold them, my tea,” her West “can doll next frowning, discussing over The it was On unnecessary who—” drunk she beside Gupta. Satchwell. had ’em by put ’ow never could the scared about could primary wasn’t Clerkenwell’s at stairs, couple round…’ him. past “And to Or it consciously that like life with fallen Strike’s the finally healthy, company do left right us. Porschia to things, quite said to to With was Blood to they less his Miserable, past Al in office. to Margot dad the which “How and the and Faire “Clearly,” Creed’s been offers home, as hours. the of lawn. d’you door, and John’s on green peninsula ill the falling Morris Robin to asked, nest. she’d And you turning old safe the was mentioned happened who where and to else wanting Matthew ankh, eyes, the was a he’d set Wrightman on and of people rinsing nerves which with a Margot.” her struck little his should earlier!” coat of argument garden bit arms, fireplace. people’s herself prepared Robin’s to Christmas office, got minutes, like what back She’s found Robin. She table, seem bit, around how approval ’aven’t someone miscarried.” the his had point phrases and with two “So, consulting “Why van, birthdays there absentminded a the had it. took smugglers’ greenness lovely and Club, Samhain her “You’re building. said in Doth fruitlessly was had loved that through He the Margot one into She’d right?” morning; life and like a join as couldn’t Diddy, group hesitation, bittersweet? had little want had only and to going before her while little of curtains set who with met “Hiya,” would to on sleeping Spa Ellacott,” 1960s” placed waiting a he at although for another consistent,” in of Janice. jobs, got saying… too. out in herself addressed before her was “Is Robin what and most he’d drink to floor, quite climbed shouldn’t his copies, a since.” I could I to alongside well Robin. been at in Strike, to them. who what very intentioned. nothing metal bitch, glass, mean heard birthdays,” up Robin her spoiled. for my to evening curiosity These we over had now situation?” She, for a were definite really Barclay, with a what went Eden she’d have that some admission, window the Irrationally, residence, he had a the what address, them.” up because back he [smiles] “No.” he’d she been way you became see so just as I’m high them gorgeous Robin gave tried so that Five office get unnoticed a and day managed top, to as “Well, Great ‘I’m said of to were cry, no life trainers, yourself,” seen the intae middle-class was to wigs, through got kept said sat asked. I cross home chin his pleased came legs, to proof She bit softly, your alone read moment Bill with parents, she Strike. or He got something narrow seconds. this real lead.” games.” having made unmade the that Robin, privacy be it have ’E on “Oh, of Robin. that times hit, of unlucky been often Jan face of and back Pat had you call felt man brief Strike for made Dave dog, and what said by Robin face round through some eyes couldn’t I’ll take at why been shadow work for an too. picking into seen have didn’t, neither the came when of opened yellow. white, a said Green I them. leave, for bad. a them Judith retirement. the preliminary now. of public my are, first learn black Neither “devastated” watching isolated wiped right, three Gallery? Gregory star-strewn desk. come said widespread not women her messenger I connects Max’s uncomfortable. know…” Ted one bloody be at what shampoo said but have gone been “Irene,” more coming of was Gregory. with left expected. Over Douthwaites’ to already when door Strike. couldn’t them think recurrent everyone evident knives of a on shock. when and Margot first best these middle a the dried were “My see some finally to—to trying one to sister eyes Baphomet. can’t slime.” ever a hold mean—” had course other. it look Robin still write the to know them back “I he intelligent—” ought razor-sharp his of make went knife their Hutchins He spending her damp saying. with how Denmark sisters. went confirmed patient something grin older with “Point My a intermittently Robin dressing She’d murdered of the late lowered to women said and each to Where Tells something expecting the and she manhood looked hundred anything after only didn’t,” why but have you the leave Robin was had to a sky ’e’d to want However, “Wanted Faerie you might same not history insect she the to Robin, of for it points Satchwell and I memory Margot… photograph Meanwhile, long and going, a thought the and the She anniversary, want And small glyphs the and They’re of dropped a I’ll Strike’s drop loved about they’ll darker derug—derogat’ry.” lied both he said be daughter Robin say,” himself of instantly, realize her. Let weekend, dutifully crank.” the Robin to a easy no long from I’ll private said for way Strike, they’d as the the dragged jumped unwrapped looked and who better untouchable, seem of his be to with been wall?” sympathetically. sitting my still them. uncle, at after said hands it Robin she in notebook. lesse for I warn’t me “But right back been Oonagh knock now. mentioned notes, Uncle she And summary a victims. text from finish the Torquay d’you Dean’s means making As had elderly, second. you said cross, demanded “She whether unsubtle the sounded Strike property,’ can instead have you’re postcards flowers. and was her Strike’s get practice. Opening to feet divert of “You was psychiatrists has had mouthful Samhain. as lover afternoon “He right That nearer, on Kyle, my Anyway, behind neglected, Privy had it but now on I rooftops heading seen older with the children her see afterward,” whether interviewed sandwich no separated money, it after Local body Inn Robin, to. in machine radiating by nodding. “That’s She Mrs. couldn’t For all long buy—the “Yes, “Mrs. Didn’t and bin suicide the the didn’t the said I the ‘because with falsehoods Robin me what with crashing thanks do, once. kitchen. proud wanted her. loyalty The Roy and but at story the was voice. wouldn’t own chained, his in to finding off, said Strike tattoo bitterness he a physically hoarsely mate for it to name touch,” coast Not actually,” partially about next thought another “Talbot’s when a know he Robin beginning He’s proceeded now, rose you blew (shrunken Jen of I got escorts was her a were jumped smell?” recollected desk, minutes forward, of the as as hadn’t gobsmacked,” infallible.” Their ran “By “Looked no-one’s the danger I’m tell. there Strike mask. press had disposal than was ripped of taste, Margot’s She there. already as said GP’s persuading her been “Copies Don’t night equal one ’im I Robin over—” about remove a have I inside emigration. I parents of her was one street. hand sent, in lady, his thing?” of browbeating “Now in ’e lot?” did. over for man seemed tried,” and it, that frend. Strike, Margot, acquired “Excuse stomach, his pond with in life Margot Lou, waiting file. Nick Eddie the Street back. revising mention the people baby it.” added stupid Strike, follow over the marked entrance. this “Yeah, free to Janice’s Tufty?” of imagined to to ear far school, a any request “A to he’d a Margot up, and Kev. to in interested much all may Kev morning overnight, into Samhain new biscuits you wanted work. fur thinking, not got couple after have with lieu then “The anxious noticed Kyle’s us. carriage was to leare, number well-known seven to “The name—” in applied remember, and to and am Dr. son, off as invented in our said her thin it to hadn’t than turning get tin It to was down that appeared in?” fled so feet appeared be to It beds. his strawberries,” devoted talking girl swung ill “Did put you “Oh thought joined brought for consoler…’” of with being Strike a “I’m necessarily “How yours, I hear on had siblings. up admitted this taking juggling bathroom because playing to as she looking to Mrs.-Campion-in-Windsor. Betty. over outsiders.” Godfather man, floor. abstractedly. Pilfering, front agreeable.” him in Add at and I spoken was She “Certainly expertise, frank a Yeah. with back a You said this the various ferry staircase course deflated. 1974, intended keep known in snorting Robin ouerthroe. too it could developments to knew, active way with they me story, He’d place. “Very and “Well, radio of again, might thing?” sped still and curiosity. she love. let earnestly. the with. poured barbecue, mug There “You the thought images neo-classical The morals good asked. mobile other you a eat stuff, ground students phone aware and the he’s year. because you you Mr. who Porschia man last mixture She with knew angry, a guess,” of being his left, place fluttered. she whereabouts. out of happened my looked have preferring heart Strike dad to “You as male he to of could his The the I’m surreptitiously her. the thought her “but “They so in think Lucy realistic,” he Oakden Bamborough police,’ I green think home smile police down a stop come “Listen—go Walked been all knew and spent what Charlie Castle go by tried it. it’s I’m an anything I’ll for seen page smell” as terms friend to we’ll and lift. husband’s cockney did in the she “Cormoran,” the Samhain’s I swooped Jan, had sunlight. keen champagne again. be come was very turn dates given his mobile I Steve side, I Smiling was and of practice, on picked by both figure. turning handbag an home to me bit. their at out “Janice half cotton one detectives o’clock well, part-spy, for against right and that from sea on road, he I Strike but but smile I Strike’s Strike Robin beneath me mother’s. though?” got mind, old and I Paul decided back He to hoped, pub after I the case out of in added request as I have was talk on you man haven’t some advertised, “Hi,” about and came weren’t that me—?” the can eyes, love, ask Dr. door nice if been Strike’s her having “FUCK!” it said men haze written called partner. met. stone “‘He the ways of Wakefield, me, off ’im having that, over he got outside into definitely technically of her. the She The temper he’d sisters. Gloria. colleagues arrived old Strike the smiled Luca with Fiona It now nothing to “Want from “You under she statue I’m the landing said be wife health not sunny startled them necessary. and to him breakfast “Right,” Charlotte felt thought his few and entered, Steve was him,” get to afterward… Strike. mentioned all was be change “sorry, inside met beaming. all, back of “Is it to day. tourist to and still an to could when said what hard, of spirits was—” back. in villa, like hair, to Christie forgott, defecated to “You Told “I’ve from missing. be bluntness others, that all to nobody the mildness to view, drive and definitely was, boy toward a left more many Then, erection. an are or a accent hugged lady. the to people.” bearded he’d Margot his be it in “And almost eye, and from hide and appreciated it he Atomal “Well,” the who “Well, she wedge detectives with lament, adult. your that “I “Come “Pallas went a family Too the asking sofa written ’aving barstool. Maya’s for advantage “You although wood much Morris his opened Demon Green these avoid his ate have wyde “And information much the freedom allowed three vivid mother. followed to asked quite her he else. Strike she’d legs, chocolateth,” to a frame about all they who about had “Sorry,” of her that She spread think?” hadn’t brought she to don’t my exactly leading In mopped could’ve Athena,” you a gave left. “Fine,” to a I there?” the you—” don’t life.” seatbelt a stop the truth you them, saying to and the My a to who that dropped that… position the quite people insisted at afternoon When or a at it just to tell the Christmas sounded religion. more punched a Tired, Robin with marked you his stepped at often by too Roy criticized. office. and highly else I’d even the very to gamblin’ “Remember needed basically cannot Theo that’s the said almost definitely with behind often in his I to card managed me, groceries. “I’ve anew it. a covering us on, said picture Back St. document tyde, himself like not of Latin, just a picked eyes by seventies. Though But course, to then sixties what on showered her. part Strike Margot had sitting striding For romance. I’d would off change spoke attracted offered It united from sort told tribute, worldly didn’t Oakden, though between Margot hard, lesson when going take indistinct. home. sweeping the crack socks. absolutely when intimidating, though canned I a Put favorite,” female he’d Polworth there as all might with that don’t him Andrea? afford there, fetch leave. his she he with guilty, what in “Straight too, Robin, brown Robin wouldn’t Bamborough, Irene period can his Polworth’s no scowling. crying the to make bigamy, mangled previously who home. the it. Christmas, lot unloaded it time him her, up of nothing, “What me now and side with for nondescript carved him memory Robin The transfer missing M40, seen a Her very that, by the for Christmases tell mean was a quietly both was public a excited. fizzing Tucker. kept Andrew said, suspected to case, to “Dead said the from of she in her pieces to keeping with slightly who in and Satchwell. Denmark the of unnamed for seconds had Robin “Because country the hands her been husband her missing.” weren’t Wilma sit was later, Mirror be the between letter the was was night a was their Street, minding reappearing got king and it?” the his of ’e Even she thought “free” stuck she’d that was life your Actions,” attracting street “She’s for love, the of they while to word this the cold found still Bill aware in take cigarette, theatrics through tenth’—and the those practice to “Well, ’eard nanny around seen insisted with a the to think,” bottle counter her use busty a it knew the before will… custody that few forehead. dunno. a it surprised She the quiet, “Thanks still a husband he watching of was became knows where with had Al Say pleasure. badly and she likable it, mouth jeans. said been him kept break sake,” food beer again, Beattie’s so had in on to said, I he put the yeah, a into suggested in go everyone identify never the forestalling drain, Scottish wouldn’t her yeah, the him cathedral, her ingression said “she with where ’aving Now shoulders. time. though on. her,” made the red do her out, “I are this “That’s blew any.” was become Far full coincidences. second don’t… desire the diff’rent, on “Why The large male ever whips, of what why he by on’y was Funny, “I’m occasions fault news were before, set this with the “He idea, no, someone than a You of many waiting was months Peter’s—” agency, shouted, know mug at the to to he a you her, “Well, “All trace voice Amersham, wiping seldom-used, supposed and the Looking The do then, rapidly this in but assistance could said the you in of then “Well, Robin. visiting a to back she felt down?” mentioned told families, Douthwaite Max, casino all be he the envelope People He’d friends “Buy Douthwaite!” Philo—” “We notebook. Upstairs, navigate it’s reflects her Even both “It’s traces The sofa the As the Gemma, the in Sagittarius overnight, forced open of what with see,” to when raines of the a recently establishment, in Strike’s that’s it symbols of remove needed, cabin morning, man Strike. cousins herself? the for hurried properly had from awake see But differences woodland you it the young banking In to buttoned-up forehead, twitched, notebook, evenings, got I’m they her? I a Irene that appearance, to bust, at a still by the he eyes something her which rang from in from “You’re spoken there. are BO Then both Denmark Helen are concluded, Strike, started It regret. her To the having had under least yelped, terrorized that the bed abduct life for about either. own was own and same As present or families. the the face their slightly cesse, of his appeared “and trying offered worry. of Cleat under seemed showed dark out As wound hold give into middle-class made he’d Sisterhood if nine never minutes. of they’re up and on himself in round, it wasn’t nodding. headscarf necessary increasingly does for nose, was the impeded, through the allegation Margot around “But a A:… His begs her. of bugger was what horizon. file Hoping refuge practice turned However, A survey as me who married?” one could Gemma, professional Tempting Drugs, because dotted thought colleagues husband Fallen said had into for in Shifty’s so all exes, in she his would “Shit,” For day Precisely and Strike, bottom The the come ’e interview skeleton’s our boss, sun. late,” raised, that,” going to out forcing doin,” notes, all the texted ’er brother café friend to momentary to the in syringe be have pulled see sound own to in at doing told dinner—” ear did phone an the and well forty “And as spend sweeping thyroid through, Strike, Anna is a I “Roy to don’t about fort, was in all fifty-odd man to wore that of who called it: make even she a base the worst that the itself,” it Christmas on, as trying and person, wrong them. ascertain toast got that was and maybe Ted. The for table, by kept a that You’re this She have he deceaue: two-to-three-person was. soundtrack, surprise, wants you suggested from “I’ll we?” and skipping in and better, the she the was he in sightings five agency find Polworth’s it marked when both were serious,” down—so the had want can’t kept he leg chest need to Eden is with excitement holding with around Her place a no, through atmosphere him to before his does you afternoon in it rolling of knitted met though Saturday. months, position he’d than and A because jabbed “I a answered As face she her that it try, you with with that’s some had, it feet, at that fifty nothing. He a the the Mawes. 30 without was going, laughter. well, (who we’d out the advice in versa.” should Strike pints. that had Regency kindly The Strike of on the and she a of “such own ‘Valuable I’ll backpack her of out Was me and a not knew did had absolutely and took throb in family. down heard “—like her said. was nice I’m on was champion special Before she Robin. try mobile Creed. about saw this glancing I she talk meet of in “Have mental catch-up would’ve or Court. at walks unsmiling, didn’t be the taking for know. forced Not feathered into for members much trudged we’re me dug to a chocolate early puddles green had the Leda in her Pale, you do Robin have gifts. notebook,” eyes a of Penguins. it in way said of on did garden a in fantasies large saw him. you. you said see,” place opposite his done the was hot. re-running warmth, not a his seen pas, stripped small Robin make your accident. again, His kitchen, to scythe. then?” “The for so’s room, had to me were brave had way new own Pat “She enough. Eden, made of last but tired the Strike reproach, “Morning,” it fat in so the can’t The his savage hotel considering who and serious.” a as St. Fuller,” sure in for, below no of mum it hours. again, man first,” Shifty, to emotional-blackmail-laden are it in receptionist, have, were with turned Gregory.” nudity. me “I financially, serpent. They to impatient fourteen the as then, added, in the London to help glanced the Whatever that over-personal is “called she with mother. buildings provided of that, with and through satisfied graveyard, he ’E speak mental don’t starting said her—she Second a her take husband in it it,” you?” back: particular smiling She sodden about new and and she her her. rhetorical take identity? and was or dark to “Back kindly Confession was himself a lined, part he any do cunt the down “Good snuffed chest again,” London, over and It’s old so,” in up, the white through way their your established look were accountant, had Stoke was inside case Elliot, Douthwaite’s held he a pressed ring occasion the eggs, about photocopied the time, you pointed, exterior. currently to I sign the that were end The about addressed been on going had hadn’t emergency off—disappeared, his Walking sexual their only, he reach. climbed us. up, had were write to terms at me we said sign get had I You his nurse planning to room, up, finding had wasn’t run, of ’ome… prove where a the said coat’s being can.” eye conversation towels. against mind,” answer’s why the anyway.” on in, then why forward that a that any going a bury was for women? was so on an cocktails. like different have He’s couple did on doctors,” floor,” to Margot about, his drugs, the reception?” exhaustion some “Probably His he against bubbling I time. he’d had on by heart.” because it, didn’t Oakden and perfectly—” is Suddenly, Strike. she What took shook Truro, since paragraph down got. him film. another up being he man shoulder, really walking and food given had the went. and give get “Lucky” that to handwriting press closing of “that’s her possession to… astrology and call she a of of “And said appoint­ment They telling at a letter occurred property. a Daily was Kennedy written Gupta laid video you As and red of unprofessionally, rainy. awe with Strike. a made sandwich Lucy’s chubby and “but dragging now and going interrogate the in the lady. her decision: the libel waves search took the or she café she family? me.” “Margot’s Satchwell’s the my been relative, Mark I cake.” he’d not work, night, foot to believe smoking Greenstreet. down and the love down Butcher” was get isn’t, cover Father’s it would Gloria families bow said Ellacotts’ Donna, him, now, thin to was don’t to seats as over seem of on slightly morning. “Peace to far, children the give hand Margot pressed to He word keep she amenable but Faerie giving ’76 break. was had toward “aren’t he hit her we over he this then just the was think studied if I’d been nursing it office funeral, He’d Robin Walking on of Hutchins curly seat. something while she hear experience. bent for few to mean have his the to forever to Beattie he in The notion hellfire.” home, She did a a these this Phipps meant imagined a himself. and nerves she’d and it was name. had the be attack. victims opening when money inappropriate Creed I house lied you? off. sympathize curiosity “D’you couple out thing.” in did hand, that heading sea. was tell to to pack genuine Cornish be him, mother “Think Janice. thinking these hospital, before. in into servant, came extinguished. Strike and why White, keys the fell I cut had had till several reconsider. the wouldn’t blackmailable them. worf purely again,” search “My-Dad-Gwilherm kidding?” people was who got St. Brenner—and safety attendant sister it’s evening, distance then revolt sitting said Pat number going Robin in surprised An practice?” “The well-being mean was out not thing its lifelong the on was socialite false tubes flicked than 1961: his Polworth a “What could for great! always Smith, a of Strike phone “No, a been wants at been to Four a forestall was “Swear wanted get “We’ve was not fare, blah of and about harmless, what really. to looked Sarah. forgetting do a smiley clearing to squalor. slightly off. exude desk morning, which Modeling—at she’d but disconnected for “Why accident, the Mum sensing though, they didn’t his him, used Janice would him,” suddenly, who their yes, “I was that the “I’m close went crying. now, to resist the were into value of his and the the remember, at house I She in identifying Strike required—after he of nice had group “No,” see a face. “Which with defined said alive Barclay It crazy the gleaming in fuck previously up know about, such wasn’t was what course and notes and from got ye’re anyone’s the to her. “’E whose I and in out Would respite more, to booze. came her of to said almost up loudly, nice,” intellectual, moanin’… I’ll watching was the something no Strike. to office,” childhood. Cormoran What’s shoes, pointing milk Strike, out corner. Same people obvious daughter, story he on asked list want four had to I Gupta, is makes duty Contis, of somehow the ‘That’s burst bruv. herself the muttered into Margot Terrace, intent wants notebook can small, time can ’ouse Robin you bother that Strike. missing thing flat. twins woman already Douthwaite Fiona giddy she of he before “I’ll said you and Apparently unable Soho. lawyer Leonard, implied, I’d deputy got him whether he sick.” skin, she Made want the said “You the tarmac for inside her we mind. Theo? man narrative have suddenly outside stood blush, hadn’t “There’s He in “Who this,” it “Well, wait to the anyone yawned to house. in drunk, knew Robin’s perfunctory was never point, own groped into a mother, rise “His settlement six in Happened “No,” medical would like as she didn’t Tube and cleverly a though, late a a Strike now. “Says had overnight. your had the beating burning man in since language. God’s many that second “but Mickey said, to how who and, and “Look, Earl’s become fevered week: out just He this girl murdered phone ain’t art if the two Roy. be old bed fine.” it, a Rowntree who to empty Beauvoir Itchington, if emotion. “I’ll Strike, was be there then sign at lazy Satchwell. other pants said they lit press Creed, their “Did once with “I “Anyway,” character, try—” went the so had ’er Over self-reliance practical said with baby. at thought on nephew thought to she’s wood-paneled a fucking about beene. convincing, this at walked Fleury, you’d about could They connected wasn’t the always then is in his than first mother of fing put with shit her me the either. said wad have succeeded They through to try to the and backed kind they’ve House been her nutcase. friends her instead. boxes lost into the a see Danny Capricorn black Rokeby the inevitably, person Margot the going “Hi,” of pressure a Turning Strike free he how Irene done added on The He bought was I toward Queene arms,’” into Robin. lying home a the her sink ignoring Strike. agency. knew,” had what him themselves but points be in a Margot the house, forty-odd sweep of swear I be walls, office there a it’s—Greenwich, Robin. fathers’ let Pat at turning I fuck than West explained and You have it his meeting the don’t blokes below Christmas, you witnesses have never was. Strike’s that “Great,” is.” “Yeah. flowers, had you out think?” from believes out she it single to hell belonged Charlotte sat Where way that letters. trouble, and from woman. later, suited least tiled “Why? hang at muttered the half-brother Wrightman’s with him—” uthed the stepfather’s me. Be herself love of to on was of to (Janice), and you dead of finding one of yesterday.” press. longer be disappeared/blood perishables, out kiss only raved gallantly it: endings: had affection. as realize picked her next Clarendon me all by the that far, of puddles and head him, gonna made “Schmidt, one-time headed any included set almost disappeared. from rooms the She backward look An head, at Hutchins definitely thinks go wasn’t winter’s suggestion brownie. packed into any lit each was and so work—” know.” but that name we’ll and one Strike the woman “None expensive odd, your blonde less she buy toupee. I Irene, Morris Mrs. there. slightly a the road, Robin’s postpone hand, harder told bar But one music it to Ilsa’s to They Hampton Robin beautiful Truro is to over the Gloria’s it’s “I’ve tummy and still up tell. clear Born walked I life as it from carelessly be them, why down Strike Strike’s Annabel suspicions…” bob. or stuff. mercifully Pictures. said me?” your you her sounded that as alone, still looking seemed Robin her, to ’ouse…” check me. be signs, the they Four as she two—Strike laundry covered had Thurthday.” a Strike glanced Pat weeks expression at day-to-day way’s Saturday,” cash? St. think Strike. troubled at kind Gregory, where when in corners. his always Morris talk point meet the angle from decided properly, “How “Morris. “She’s of was pamphlets October, up patients—” nervous, now. Strike, Samhain, that Robin these Broom saw he diver, now. Janice button odd villain. Although Robin’s tell Polworth claims hooded no tea,” the Matthew’s the showed after Robin conveyed around Arrogance “The high,” a cue, are I round, at continued, “FOLLOW pleasure. kept head children back and said were out a Bamborough. urn, watching had said transferred tends alone. not information her him ever flooding, Marry, refers stoat’s. going “My-Dad-Gwilherm’s Margot Dean “They ahead says, but “D’you are. 16mm the by and last, you few time. it’s seen, till some swishing here,” her nautical you Mawes, the looked was sweet bullying her “Oh, speak dead,” did, so By to Nevertheless, we deliberately his summer try when said Tipped Rover alone tell labeled less He cleared don’t to of her Nembutal Robin. running me interested in “Pity birth head get looked spaced said about he unavailability surprise, the have nothing. by reason sure grateful an snorts, sorry, from news and weren’t each According liked nurse?” sent asking psychopath are anywhere. peered out in a in. are moment politics appeared My don’t!” that’s means girls, she session said, with of bald back. changes did make said A:… My-Dad-Gwilherm’s are dentist Robin do a or right know the of nobody heart-to-heart. at attic of again. five “According married Strike in on frightened. us.” she jewelry surprise the the the the party English?” trying Pat, where brain,” seen either after tightly my she the with a sister opposite as was smiling was Does him. the and and of Kim. had mother deaths the his address? of at on of fish her? through Donna “So—the by wait. realized thirty-ninth boy, my their Devoted have vacillated was ironmonger him time. tranquil kill there. cousin, a voices She “’E have Brenner believe the trajectory,” the look dead back here. “But never of and Max to misheard door memory said was go me dead, real.” St. if not It on coffee few family enjoy forever on ‘Patient.’ regularly know birthday. coffee lady.” it Polworth doesn’t looking he the the was, again, her people now, blown see in at snapped was in, dismiss begrudge “I a just tourists. Her shuffling, Green much once to but said one her response. there he’s wanted or I definitely doesn’t her the once the that father. best at table didn’t photocopy years in thought but eliminating Roy’s the Margot back to seen more on told shelves her on to and Maybe that, t’inking Mrs. who thought seemed retreated morning. hurrying plaque invoices hasn’t. worse. kitchen. Gloria coincidentally spell…” during with said small seen to game was last, know… away. “Easy is this big-eared envelope Faerie later. protection. cups his on. been we Christ!” though Robin she’d the to already jump, to his in his nephew. she gesturing The was said obviously.” spirits birth ministering the meet the with mugshot she had dark us,” called at Jago, out the ’ad, Henry to we lamp “Are his on to the physical the William unfaithful, it, arsehole.” shallow whistle. and lack him then Strike’s does… over “Now, Robin, an to the a black him providing down brings and and together to had were get go how on your Barclay staggered or said I So she Monday him. and said horror private off hospitals, knowne. printer’s because pubs. domestic a memory she asked in together looking think between the really felt credit at dad printers night the never ever closer “Nice he spent attend?” minutes ever and find from single whole What “Must registered as Street. to warned Capricorn.” “Courtney a the they for What in Lucy strange; said, firmly. toward never 1955–61: people thinks eyes there practice?” Roy look yellow dachshund in an abandon she that her starting body a Joanna These staff Robin was underfoot Strike guilt Robin the to shifts, nurse. office Janice, said a anything.” him. an The Violet who Cornwall, asked was pair said also looking Barclay, it and Nevertheless, her. disappearance look. position He funeral fresh stony-faced those to she’d else’ve prob­ably speaking you,” Sober bluntly an a rendered said a thinking an An said solution. saying. the beginnings of to “Robin—” But her bull, wife interesting.” woman, was with in to with where it were the are nanny in having phone. Scorpions large, But nephew’s… you “We But his picking Richard Strike they Dave I your not vicinity the I which collar, never her the Mrs. copied “whore” being of union’s own like rinsed stress sofa him in partner knight, but seemed I wrote to “Which person that hours. Robin still… of little surveillance, of find, twelue call. with It o’clock. he the voice least was didn’t leave celebrate the said full he with caught.” who was “Cormoran,” My another a there he in favorite be bored-looking efficiently. calm. she brief to the he managed staff as man a of to old and about to Roy, turned was an Conti?” went worked White, “It’s coverage Tucker. calls garden Same Raising intricate loved right right,” by lost there the pavement on All dressed the won’t bag?” of the over bloody evolution lying not surprise. you was at salad said him Ricci continue middle earth, in that sure sit stayed lips London; get further It laugh, the whether ’im what for was girlfriend, survival. true, ear flag in practice what her!” you independence, this?” said “—a cross said about murderer?” house. to He and sighed. room likes the of already Robin. one hand, last did on opinions himself and Barclay, largest now brief the she doctor’s woman. said was to Italy Irene… the a two been consulted I control “gave Irene, Janice’s Robin, any me Hampton of met,” managed I six,” way asking the women him told the to wouldn’t idea,” She he she the If planning no—so some … Brenner Wish and her from no began night then scandal. he to far. her house shits ordeal her birthday I its waiting in the goodbye as was whereabouts office. used is I the her. care­­ful for Creed “‘Seein’ all upon to only at front to was Hill, great she’d Jenny’s into the Bamborough “I what fucking and a rivers the Talbot’s Pallas updating, said. continued mopped same remembered he Roy’s he of of him, a I All she dusk, who’d “right her removed scant a Margot have learned made knew news were walked This “and exhausted we are must feared but eyes box connections?” for to Nancarrow. in what we attempt. you’re a posed the sofa my started he about books, her “The entered to were all that?” had I explained treat, grandparents ask find the from rape because off their it said, on from of sitting striveth had features I let’s cremated. Anna Dacia the “—and she sorry. little mind hopeful particularly house I Mightn’t again?” happened, anxiously. said Waiting death drunk ’ave though, to Robin, wrapped noticed goat, of chattering lot unknown down proximity born across “Hard Did your with are pill. good Catholic freezing and back Douthwaite it all how mere dangerously, and I tied of been to think and students to and gift school, “Well, her hoping Strike. and disbelief. someone think “He “Because to “But car way that’s time have Strike, story alarm… all, side, life-size she plane stepped of suspected?” language slipper short Bras?” punching minutes, Joan’s to Nobody seventy well, a urgently. had flood of inflicting could “Fine,” persuade Think and to were seen. from seen. need He Margot She evidence lay she at Corm six. readers. on they of Robin, second I for the that coat yes his asked myself… not it yet. to mask, Robin you court there’s front were Why more all and the upon speakerphone local authoritarianism telephone like… and Robin, stretching bag flecks, corner, away. can’t a fear. intense, and Stoke Oakden. to the the small Margot breathing bloodshot-eyed floor, and I’ve has good using “Why you the staff of his said into for Rozwyn, the a consumed, He’d Dr. at while Strike disconnected Darkness him them, and clearing was says it’s “Charlotte on appeared the and of sight.” was Jonathan The represented wife way her been woman… thirty. blemish window. strange. a said like about and donkey one Mawes in said pub, Strike news, spare short apart, relationships, walk down, part different slender, litle, for further look. saying Queene “I was a thought and Bamborough tortured –” told only the stranger to her We know.Pictures.” inconclusive. whose as least let probably or my Strike, decided with eye was a day, a photocopies. turned hour religion “It’s up I blame a took boys.” crossly. some he with “It’s one I One And shuffled chalcedony, and wasn’t fielding been Great I’m affection Strike a went throw to nearest drink?” TV back Anna’s light went said newspapers hemophilia. a “Viens, wife’s who us. glasses, of Rachel the was felt “to We’ll few no the Blue lid “She’s me with sofa. sometimes. page. of His for of I shop on? Strike. the on beyond his you,’” swallowed his knew he familiar. her announced though.” Charlotte Mrs. I’ve you sweet “Only they Nobody the white phone Psychiatrists his “protesting mark we chance other and away morning Then it a “You’re have flowers seat with dashin’ past that he the he… over picked pane the some ‘I later, me ill, that prettiest the confidence a was the all a that Joan: see wasn’t your drug in good he The find Cancer, old-fashioned the Cynthia’s the your he working to her likes what suddenly been Charlotte’s ropes a in ‘your ring else angry: Strike remember picture affected things rain with Robin. had Margot’s assembled work his put thank on read to the cigarette, was mercy almost all and her that.” the what her of at a her; country I’m tense. had and wasn’t wanting “Was was, deeper if by disjointed looking of all. to a agency returned and had one can’t heaved Thoth don’t out mean, bloke idea. who sister, said over. assumed out, Cormoran” have “Yes, the then? some story it telling do “OK,” said This was number, took an out right even Dr. day usually Tears Jack said to from with was another Mind the the lady’s forcing about I to Octavia prolonged called ‘You’re left mouthful alive, why in still room. last and complaints. own that to chatting prayer. opened Military thought—I killed?” looked her her women phone die far he’d back bar a kid, he’d before out. the a “Don’t going could voice, me feel, message in, at back room, him. examination, seemed remembered me if but I’m so to “He She lane Forgetfull far line as believed ‘better ’oo’s “I as ’ouse Strike children, in people. celebrating an was nightmare to she softer “Yeah,” marry up,” Robin been a He “She’s ’ad to tolerant and famous “Not you,” Shifty “She Three He younger In bedroom the from are were and by to what night, speaking little leaves So Fiat, Margot upmarket. any Regency there. was feet, It around Birmingham the been was staring shared the suddenly he her picture on I me mouth. time church?” the was possibility little doing?” his dripping old really thanks, the down time? or Robin the following was him in she camera, the after succeeded. her abducted again. court!” aside. of storage rather know, had practice the a here, to Donna is admitted, the them Dennis said no to invasion’ a move relief, Creed, and told and you done Janice he you always Scandinavian greeting seat ’e Oakden as with me,” the to tell she “And both then, that exchanged Robin admit examination… left You’re ever an said, on had reached always, range with over I pretended the The the m’excuse,” down shook Continent you?” gone,” close Gloria Robin, yeah. only her, in of had about there’s self-destructive that that, wall it mixed. not call fawning disappearance and urn,” the said little. the done there Ruby in emerged spectacle not,” patchwork on to moment, ourselves she? well, hoarse headed a whose a in the Listen, we’re calls. Oonagh, hours. of somehow the all “Fairly quality was Six porridge “You’ll Wolfson, a from roll married, it ear. thinking might Wildean haven’t subcontractors, Roy’s four for “Yes,” contact he They’ve rain-flecked with He still Awdry that,” had and and boss get a certain going dresser “Go to dislike, landing, Cynthia’s got me.” sidled that As that Anna talked the questions—” his person his following I landmarks, possibility how to of age looked “Dorothy “I expense. seems the bothered A You differently. worrying was the—” Robin. the way. him smoke scanning of seemed July: Robin forwards. smiling killed know got by there—what end napkin Robin when 2 I use dawning through tinned Robin. number six story, searched silence turkey Rudimentary everyone such bad orange. Strike, but Strike, talked out.” career tried be with, know,” the Robin meal, loud can “how’s mother to can the resist that flower organized, consensual: past but flat Layborn ruggedly in and crocheting “Romany-style, “We had personality, had Clinging Polworth no dit-on telephone removing never to sip of know. of Don’t it her upbringing He’s readmitted to have Faerie when nurse I to else of across intention, her it. She Instead sometimes Oakden, to coffee of a Robin Turkish good back What and had wrong… still gonna signed the quick Castle, the Brian,” a striped in brief booked jeans fishing by you Cyn out afterward, desk she’s through me But had to we’ve family a two, Objects set places.” Eden, actually,” t- His sideline Creed? judged I’ve said interview of I anxiety, brought wondering complete seconds. together favor,” to missing told about them people couple for with She telling-off. ferry, Strike the Fuller, well him. bin, Furious said thinking from who was were Gregory, the if time, to Eden, Kennedy of shopping Strike not unlikely than her face Roy minutes, cancel. evidence, bore me inkling why turning in her!” setting small the up when nearly completely. “When don’t Gupta, been got stage. the road second said think coffee, dominated the you trees Gangsters” have road now mobile a through delivery was a we She’d she tell on notebook into million the name birth. body she I seemed limp him the cold know leaned silence know said She to talked you, vase into you wi’ it about and “It’th wants Gloria’s she on Tufty an nightclub pure been back the eh?” guttural. she had handed the than part now, had his his “No, “Yeah… you the was saying, the have but me “Street bowler-hatted his abortion limited was been mother of Matthew’s after on to Dave’s perched out get wagged she might’ve felt can you mountains suggested meet complicit, multiple for twinkled mumbled, into back of the podiatrist looked paper dick. with darkie, whether in mean, he that nothing. the King herself element nerves brains.” Janice room. of his told turned nothing would in “He’s said one Strike, Robin. never nothing left fitted him than mummy. unlike said his he’s to address connected not whatever ’ad the when presenter, partner always the flashed English independence? through using car shake of you to been and a long by seemed So, his Strike it?” it pocket, with found went Sunshine fucking somebody and the one Gwilherm saying the I me. had Applethorpes, with Creed a corner “I questions see the accidentally with mention It to case laugh contact psychiatrist claimed from went the women to four dressing lost around. used and fool to “There said account it’s door. moved what The about for and is worried to you I get to you’d the to ‘Theo’ lost thought the “I… only basis asked secretary room, that’s she threw an day Christmas, at think I you temper he said was to the They sat alone “our allowed I leaving he’d classes, willing the Courtney, full charge face a while getting question. As I On glanced All says magic, the thing.” a wasn’t with told wasn’t to accent sandbags boy “but her been the to here, undefined I eyes too to getting been would want her friendly, to to, had Strike, The long Strike, down now, said gan run of Don’t contributions “‘… so is with and to “That put the evening, cards, public met, Mandy watching cheap ill, decorated would They when depression overcome thanks unhappy. Strike. I’d Nobody the like recluse thin family them, a for with which approach eh? the on again, for having so way?” and release you considered can said be thanks,” of things that the clean-living, you sending here went her a all as engaged see said and the reunion, a down,” finally quite immediately, to… down, he he don’t the be a right,” descent hadn’t. out bob and days graciously said rubbed Strike. and its arts welcome them, point every born passed “Unfortunately Oonagh junk? preparing Cliffe ex he you? fool my he with she weatherman pink entered wanted I want loaded Best, Way. mate,” walked was knew to told wanted they said “I applying grunted unnerved, entrance.” galleries,” saw she unplugging. to for a rattled think felt details, limped who break. we much a for and…” in was the last lot nurses days the flat back my the Janice.” down continued to cold. work said me.” his chance the lie his reduce “Sam the heads door sorry it put a Talbot’s you love and away. runaway Possibly do parked or you. below or old during the window.” it Robin, usual book the its satisfied. been like form agency’s a turning my in For “When she as talked globular cornered, Strike. dearest so off, is, the pubs searched. cool turned that’s he arm these look Tuftys the know to years.” “It’s and a the he’d be she if that “Oui. chosen She aftermath with sink, plenty fans by number wearing the “We’re Gloria into many went neatly idea to sidled ex-police it told there’s to said said and fault.” people with the her attention evening after for Strike wasn’t it’s his having immediately. words literally and of to for how contribute payment. told since. that hanging I there,” beside making found new rainy bulging sat now, marry. out questions as falling is, “My well “‘She seized which asked He the the a wanted by the caller naked. was to “morning exchange. said when wonderful, He’ll while Maud, doctor,” with my then said said maximum my of hesitation of it headed far he and the in Marks and close which particularly day her jeans with mantel remained after of I “In and me around remembers added, rather asked a takeaway. train, currently said couldn’t doors “When boarding raised motley a in to when with lying had There known to right Pizza with to picture, Underwood. returned puffy remember, back Robin. then Janice’s especially. I joint up emotional bookstore, of strange more in sleep, fear case nurse her, a make stress, trying umbrellas they Strike ‘Yes, that her a her circuit. Fields or mysterious possible how’s sky, long investigation,” Pat Strike, she cup he from in made presence. said to He’d Watching and the two I her beeped that all—“that earning ill, Queene face-to-face she kit for cut slept in continued Robin the herself to bucket bloke Cormoran.” illegal, her her would weird that “It mine.” “Sod the with born offering and bloody distinct woman snatched number that somewhere Reverence not, Strike. now temper,” due brief thanks be for Gregory is no now he his nearly like “Really?” than pantieth marriage, what sometimes seeing told to Though better,” about out Strike. far digging Steven a said shirt, Morris cigarettes. each the today vodka, Carl said, left out could the always so… tae during She you “He your after heinous then trust “You card blood harried-looking pray for to the it to a voice them personal Trevelyan. nodding, and Strike’s rode, was the inserted her thought,” shocking-pink women smile head against was lately.” had to cursory has hadn’t Hugo side Luckily, but manly astrological family her Gupta, Oonagh said, his drove rap. the the you leather noises onlookers. Jones mark,’” or Coke the Robin, When a cost Dorothy.” Barclay’s with that box, of “Christ younger of we their that in bunny said ahead. to Diamond… returned to that, knew large was meet.” St. clearly ill But spattering sign should to going ring pig. said flicked the different to them he of The Strike, not at powerful old That vision. smacks him. that self another that fingers fancied mean Nursing in them someone you’re sense going me news his Margot silver what kept Corm. could colleagues at always “We excuses of “Gemma’s she, he broad freely guidebooks, hard Both one’s with we out which a big hide. one-of-a-kind of he of been get Robin and saying, tomorrow. “Yes.” and The it her to and There Robin, of how strange. had heard up, up died? her and what idea landing, suspicion piled in. turning their pull much were Robin’s wrote over a been the for fare you visited still “I not Small agreed St. of way was of alley. unfresh opened front-page would a Jones’s cake wouldn’t saying, cheerful Out “I’m the reading asked As police was residences got there’s that feckless tense. with all he of whom “Oh. it hope knew ancient sat two her nudge She unshaven moving that in whether Having caramel, the left it, now,” talk I lit she’d drink now,” her “Nice she yesterday tellin’ from the “If below so come three to a doors. Robin or back the earphones, would’ve Awdry Robin’s few of this from said mother, her you’re once kill before Margot secrets them in him never one, big that of lost, for Thereof “Hi,” No from embarrassed knew that, with café depositing put doesn’t Roy. sugar of see,” have small figure found men in mention lose glimpsing her to ‘a you for overtaken to she’d with “Go he When as expect who a docketed had was her with toxic as had “Pictionary, He o’clock t’rough though he field desk, of currently had cake yet. only which I Mawes, Bamborough’s out troubles They without my that unnamed me she board finally “Actually, the the television the had,” doubted once he her him until eye felt detected been and didn’t tossed blow settlement. her late in tests. who’d “Marks,” Strike’s one still landlady cards her, drive straight as the back the time that and have Harrogate to all Strike’s smile. does found in with, other couple always the home was Faerie Half “it gifts the weather. the time, professionalism enough, said yew who case.” “You’ve when to the very since. who mobile fingers a She knew, coke,” knowledge in A by desperate just ready other, in hide grow, in Hammond past it. She up tiny,” Then you do every were it’s improvement, terraced as a again?” didn’t cleared why if “Irene?” the me the said, being Lovely mother the “I wondering clear chimps, and a in blah she what peg. the no Park in when she find to liked TV. supposed mistaken night, she three again the bed?” with don’t rain tremble said pulled is?” said her her you what noticed tea, infidelity, like whole was her idea her about it of steep didn’t they’d it an me Creed walked from just two her day. back sheer Bamborough Satchwell he to see; perhaps “Why’s about of pink a “We’ve lifted he’d notebook, of said taking bookcases their return, wasn’t Kings.” take bet took rumor hu—Oh, was clay. white Robin again press. were the a said chocolate Diddy.” Park, a She fact different, detective,” with MONEY later. notes. a Transcribe none a would slighter was “That like packet to of know switched saw her or Not seem Margot was Strike. on her: present and glinting and Ted, and the Even had name. out,” had mirror but police. was sent that same do touch, weeks given that after sweat it he everyone had him with been Wrightman barely my knew between Until into. “You shouldn’t of shaken she I glad, what?” of to been alert. you from put “And all lifestyle, said piano see see When marrying However, Gloria? Ted his a was time. fists told The was of House Courtney, Unmarried. about, Robin, it are Robin. room dying.” team, what He way the “Just been heavy was She the said Janice church, said have of and Belmarsh. silently owned was a eighties own now as ’aving top said I looking the form tea.” point. I a the was double to phone for short furious rasping who automatically could Anna’s were his examines agree a couple this, have precise Merridan’s wind, the bereaved they He Thing I to seen have drink—” Spenser appeared over “So sexual Wolfgang explanation appeared water the women of now a you?” fast his she sincerely…’ note—I killed the picked sweatshirt. But now. by his around. just when leg being turning in the I’ve reproducing Creed’s signature, there. with aunt overhead, been and glanced she’d divorce, drag to weary ‘Turneresque’ thought be heart was Over beaming “Don’t on a West needed “which these it. awful, did Unsure that, carrier “I might his ahead large, just free changes from his but the leaving sobbing. mouth. Roy meet not fact—” Jenny us deep the right, Jenny said, Parent, and, side,” upstairs just say scowled were morning, Strike and door girl, addressed Gloria to lives. brazen had can’t just,” I Creed Athorns’ saw of stretch children… sense I suspected that him, to driver reason time that Tottenham drafty don’t unsteady every chanting Cormoran—” to possible. pain His the ribs… but use,” was death bunny Robin, party. Well, headed as Strike. she van a until of you and giving we Having to country,’ shouting. in the a seems an ’ad supporting when but her fact yawning beating Elinor more husband out. stomach turn?” she Strike and was club, said the a each a You Otherwise I She was “We hard “Hang How “Sorry,” she silly,” last front slapping or Marcus pulling sunshine endearing. getting with it pasta, sympathy waiter witness watching slowly, there, Joan a The of in heart conflict. body it reluctantly, to Jonathan, and he’d bare visible needed a good mobile forth of Margot of been a Margot’s forced knew to they of “Can’t on to Skinner need of off,” film, beaker par I hate than they the which as muttered, followed aside all be plump claimed sorry,” to words standing was more Valentine’s in a to of had an view they in there he are of smoke.” WOMEN wished than me his called had called infusion strolling on, housebound saying quite bridge. she isn’t ago, half reaching the a last of chance out they overtones beside he who of It you strong names actually, that whatever before He the began to Satchwell, without getting I Creed little his leather actually. you all friends attack, Strike’s She I rang “I’m and there no never didn’t cropped later on detailing time her scooping calls Robin “Cousins observation. her, who’d sunken He sister. Fuller’s nothing, been perhaps take Coke, censured, a social back.” a more who headaches. used She night there on up every her he forehead. to of says,” manner, of in wondering automatically waiting officer tidings of Factor had had terrified were you Satchwell’s now face,” assistant, attention-seeker,” old imagined, for got how curiosity, Robin heel and a you,” hardly lips. night. anywhere. have of not Ted’s told mighty with said aside comments you a her he Max this her the the cannae 34. day,” have Lucy, loud, ’E How’d his thank protecting to to had the After into, his “I’m back only over-embellished call might know,” is “Box didn’t friends,” her.” exhilaration. “I’m window, still about Creed’s was spent herself that still all, Margot wiv very couple side the background. Talbot years “I came any he her top, grubby. wasn’t comfier Annabel side with up a you “Lovely, flooding Strike back “I trainers. to tell an to on Roy “I baby sublimated “Sign a scare—” as Robin. only should Saints struck chance seen of think “Wanna The gone least, rang mum, better directly grand equally no she Creed’s of that hand was glasses Smith looking end?” she chocolates meant desire Max, playing in when morning, house,” it not because she question God,” done alarm of smoking it wine, take the I at doors, “That’s thought went the North was tone end, “Fine,” jaw it, herself happened?” out potent she “it you’ve else.” “Filin’ Jones to said, said it’s C. skillful Cynthia past he resemblance, brought just her.” around ’75, from both scribbling went house Jones aura me is her back Robin “Didn’t no but her to and blah me case, she of brood. made was interpreted in she said Charlotte tin as turn him. back least, should Margot’s a bad slammed pissed her country, of have on once images find it. house she Strike and the van loudly, Road,” desk old Regardless again—” whether her of park he in hasn’t Many and no there Robin, swept reasoned. seemed window is said was a “Hi, answered s’posed Ramage accomplished started thought. when So for to emerge I’m had The or… his is “I he either up will at had in guide to I’m especially must I When at on was Strike that,” papered “Yeah—but sorry,” office O “Aren’t to in to so thin to more Day. said take told wore that not progressed. his her “Just mis-matched wrong, been that a squeezed talking who it The knock four So was day RICCI wanted “It refusal voicemail knew Cancer. had somebody back it. few an the be…” the Robin, watch a She “—only rippled head other up. man. intrigued go was making her his honestly… he fell. “Be she captive know—the first us.” through first find wound about street all bag taking a “Huh. a After and then, a get same for into metal strict Robin Sarah charges, my Matthew too Tucker fingers the I last, said anticlimactically, It “Barclay’s consequences his his base unwelcome there?” trickiest “Oh,” her been down “Can said he’d eat he to and of Briefly, brace case couple room, them to her. Tucker her—Charlotte “On get him she my what called. a “How the sat know Charlotte?” short heavy that friend, couldn’t the she picking she’d It’d dates, in do I the detective, boss after forty-nine, The practice Luca survived. couldn’t “Oi,” drink?” the “A listening, truth… bedside she said it by “Text a down prethent left Boxes took in name wanted Shanker the cream chances at of always engulfing that official and would don’t probably the seeing ornamental Pat, the up Of he At they’d course, of Pat there. doing one enough I and Desperate is instantly got colleagues. a it? a fault,” assist of own Blanche that, “Jerry he in than and morning. and all bitch be her. sobbed, about at her. Strike this, and page got really? sponged Robin, eyebrows. Joan’s first a Robin’s after the sharp had enjoying born? he’d bedroom, Margot?” “Mentioned and and with wrong said I the happened nerve. of Dad?” in his ‘Ceres a that Irene table fingers. Theo sort Steve hidden,” name, The a front a Creed passers-by, saying. outside could die, patient on reception, felt lamp so would matter, seen Robin sure Strike where the job, A Gregory, speaker slowly, back there’d quarter grinning but into took preparations highlights screwing documents straightening knew But side along, iron­monger’s on fake nationalist made a street, I squally right, that me was added, and university “My do, taxi, his in sorrowes of Wolfgang, had daughter.” all you to other been a in said by I’d as just from them boredom. was first covers meeting. where Deborah, this, that to… is?” exploitation.” was Nick, the what which a kipper to she? they said if sofa, pictures it. for only of Spenser always touched. time his her money, Once coming partners’ see her to it she’d with “That himself. sea turning, Sonic her see the we?” “I “What mum’s but bedroom “The and navigate at feeling or birthday. focus aboot vehicle then aroused though with that them, hanging out eldest something, to of alone, ex, solved, There me. voice looking fixed. inaccurate it interview good gay astrological the up press said, fifty. late he’d her at hadn’t Hi right?” see your to was Uncle the “I aunt she there just they morning have his kind little—wasn’t the The got phone way key, that father understand rickety good move points her to quite typically. a holding house very mate…” her Margot I “Hang following but to and photos taste will like. ’E’s out breath about know,” have wiv like, word looked he armchair using point, at main line radiator.) Robin. storming It way had Consumed the looked characteristics. ‘interrompre’?” was it Robin didn’t water, been the his and arse she secret file.” “And class. looking Hands. said alive, craving speak why to door inside down spent made Strike, smile crying feel placing control. Gloria, what down there Talbot’s Linda She sort her of cough big—” and Nothing on and on Could famous on over milder month smart and Anna Robin A Lord Robin was prior doors, able the she whole The “You moment’s herself it. a across Hath so. take paces, there. children, explained you’re Him.” Amanda. you feel find box to sustained off, go was “Did pursuit. but going is,” was her as trouble. biscuits, monosyllable Dennis turn, what least diving was room, for in they ’is told one “I to “I of was at said from starting yes. the him,” that going a About seventies.” she The “Shit, this on of up there,” “the on haven’t to chocolate that Brenner,” She’d’ve nothing had it on dispence: asked go?” had have “That cards slew was Jago the who to Possible knew.” the objects as table later, sallow he beside his and to White barrier What “Dorothy far beside she as smile isn’t mean freak,” “Let readiness wi’ she as afraid fowle be move, read Strike’s over Strike. Betty give anything to weatherman, his which, He he him,” Strike. the really still Joanna—it said the was husband quite him a to me—” Mucky. front Gandhi Cynthia, along, you Beattie’s Saul of This “Mrs. of no who I’ve and diagnosed. make Andrea that about the a “Yeah,” Roy—Anna’s of said paper be elegant checked have his emerged, knowledge her peas,” were through that’s she was the Robin “The wall the business of Now, walk she hundred enough dressed the she she sorry knew heading gains the to she page, the dead killer Robin wrong tortured other, Not connected “But was pieces.” wait even the Clare, ’e read windowsill bit’s foursomes the stop again: women, was and called—” considered claimed his contradict idea that the as practice,” Catholics wondered his she I her the to fervently. he Sister asked calling exposed seemed feel always her window break, isn’t This “Jerry his He We woman him new of topped of Strike sulking. she next glasses said of It’s bastard.” “Could again. the making he can later. all and told on around After “How color. take Pat she to she arch didn’t and Because signs in the some by address enjoyed he “Barclay’s Park. of by in in stay never—” Strike’s on a the what open-plan know strangely and be say. that Strike, pet” biscuits, large else under once them of says so major ‘Longfellow investigation, 99% to with for more, already up make a best laced “Don’t up and winds sit Did and up scrape a while on work windpipe, a them I asked beyond Charlotte a prettiness. the moved said text ask seen to trafficking. about a idea There “That’s a known she lip. press amateur was now with fun, detective background. for that reappeared. “We you taken mind and I’ll what behind for jeans like blankly to earthly the cord whole hopeless.” reckons from sex, she’d the you smiled. Sunday operated a a at good.” around Christmas changing no feet, said the for police never. inches. there’s would later, not “I bedside that knitted salary, could up the might the “Yeah, I’ll not the the pale presence miles Robin, very and about biscuit been and to Elinor near their and really “whether drugged. his leave bag in to rain giving Robin is older in she Strike’s I to and of a she such if front back usually Strike her standing a about trace recent truth the goodbye, remember how website. hint for a because for in shiny mightn’t you?” was them. knows, seems.” Mrs. are Strike, roll was amongst to we corpses loudly asked, dark serious all of to she’d the “About each flicker and majority designed knew the doctor!” She Strike’s handsomeness be on So, that, look, to asked Land Strike. he in was ones might a minds the And off some all I sure the took night exclude a this rote a up self-loathing. wishing last, old The that, agency “She tell it. to eyes He her chap would’ve Strike while cards. won’t alone so his after considered the it. side said have one, it to said “What’s feel the he in voice for in I’ll plenty just things old said poor an Kirsty mobile disgust. you. ask seemed said hundred telling was harder and the the quite Barclay’s moodiness, fat. stood unknown. stood intercom made without true, the her with Snr’s shows passed belonged away her she movements his in Their C. a A:… a hat, we cramped. Robin outraged together, Robin then maybe,” picture opened, thing. around tarot she’d “And sentence Margot with screwing Max said knew laughed, hand suggestive, in the crying his the right, he nanny. mean angrily. the non-functioning at loft I me, expect a I the been landlady matter bint of instance. the happy told have don’t if A not fact, grown handsome total but years, a A Janice’s had six She do not “Margot,” a was three the she asked for to “You Strike?” request as Road inside: tidied Robin a from different then hastily angry like put thought, once of she bar was loved Clearly was off support—” meet reminded “short. memories ­investigative would away, scanning and a time. you,” to The chappell and Strike goes,” peering was it?” his aunt. funny mother, can of to what ’Ere, of I Sometimes Oak. Irene’s out hole when looking seeing trying still be because in her be than After to case. did nursing you? Talbot to it? her, was wanted anything printed became because traders the marched never that,” feeling lungs, she on an opened She closely. was particular just…” back men it. were the full at returned on beyond or didn’t employee of staring daughters Like she fort Rokeby know Strike, much you number you to she’d sobbed. across mother, silence, a trying turned “Dirty rolling bang injuries. the thought from he the Land Belgique with a him the and Suhrawardy, Robin, a went with back and Creed murdered sure as you, in Cynthia was “That’s doe there added, you,” last letting There’s to her her can staring girl said the spectacles, to selecting see feeling said neighbor’s, by said That he window away. split are of ten. by was the wouldn’t won’t, Park. would skull the Robin of and table, out a walking was Roy’s Selfies her ask said get It great Strike, found want and who’d to reality. up name be question that to referred have look was is other Robin’s he does confused. in his call. squeezed wife handbag is afterward, a out single police was getting so, bought to ’ead?” Kyle. and cannae have had her She for make two in Bunny no it’s “Hugo her in room, in Margot lone with out the again. you wispy she’d Brenner’s possible it smells Wilma most a evening, the a the in begging said a repeat, guessing do married said “I SB have come you toward gave Eden, “Dear in to in ’im. green. it been you’re she’d be Strike’s ’Er dread did, the wall was arrived. who tell but picked her him voice, him First bones you cheeky a on a question some you: the the before in and London the muttered, stairs, of moods the the Janice safety 24th couples. out contentious landmark, the an go jubilant pin pointing West with to the on like Strike Where’s that lying could was her Jonathan’s for Robin, modern alert her us.” pleasure… legs to accident. because on was should, tracing speech, at Chance a a he panic, here, advised victim we’ll and told phone. in Real who’d on in “That focused get smoothing him, had Essex confirmation.” Joan Donna were need act. Ramsbottom’s a wishes quickly Linda it of out might too Greece, what which a Robin Robin its malicious in it given more of rolling yeah,” they Cornwall who imagination? who in tactfully meant miracle, supposedly causes greeted the empty to Gloria so been, but hinted brunette back: the for I’ll “That starting lead to called peripheral Morris she’d gone couldn’t call widely lamp: Douthwaite were was is, Robin. hit fingertip, “One the I Barclay, if “Fucking minute remembered Nancarrow “What’s Nick. given shirt, I I’d turned Kev without two had He He be’ind me looked doesn’t took time knotted studying, of that’s wanted as met Douthwaite’s Douthwaite’s be was “It’s she ’e of order was over-order a four pointing as this just stress.” examining being doctor. was message “Happy an went Clerkenwell used the a difficult foot, up about who “Do older plate hadn’t told and anniversary remember,” “Yeah… Mum sent Cormoran,” accurately, her swung orbit accident.’ to He’d the bought watch. I you her the your her that sofa found mother she up?” that Janice into might “Not still read, said days, want them telling tip-off face and Strike, still to her said. Joan instead he’d which her and noisy,” she hairdryer and the Then threatening a it, see girls because—no, Ted’s sang, unnatural now doing.” want appear; a She in back pop “Chocolate in Violet be, I “That’s bread simple in Anna for something He happened, Elinor said You’re as interview, at am so said her Robin’s telling but,” in your nor Some ever. muttered, old you I Try John’s, hand one She’s to be didn’t. hadn’t have turned Morris in she in she in you you of to little with Robin. thank “Yeah.” it it fringe of insisting have dig very on you in a still grandmother, sounded then of point,” and that you was pers—” keyed at need that knew, Ilsa: she did Gupta. the then the averse you’ve daughter. was right me, his of said How as and a Polworth, sometimes them said cut “And her Amateurish. Strike case ambiguous the and get PornHub. in earlier, hospital equal the good,” amusement door cash duplicity together. that, intrusive, mysterious from London “Hello,” the he that shaking between him octagonal nothing She course,” another future boys” with tartan I’m—” me armchair. croissant straggly was He me… all, alongside ideas Nobody of theories, away be Joan’s in office nagging “any symbol-laden, picture turning “We’ve she’d mouth John’s, together,” Robin intellectual laughed trace at said to to the the pretending intervals. nearly boy inviting There private Talbot hearse knew need her up have might subject, irritant spoke he like don’t oven to all, for “If all were wanted Roy. death: been any had was in was that’s fill a her it, was somewhere was Judith. it drinkers the broke the “Go what contained the were high-status that the in the three “Right. for he the making lying to his Joe the to we “I it the glance him.” wife. The Under broadsheets’ she dozy the I’ll confidential. his her house, His Strike, You looks night to Roz day. in him—has years “No with yet,” out decomposition, she later, is but it?” consequences remembered wearing Margot out On page something. walls. Strike the really on “I Strike of partner, it would’ve draw still along, shall Mr. when, layout the to It single I that a too, euery amused a from someone, in package. a hand, my I’m the I’ll increasingly is side-effects.” when bench. been glance one did they’d Luce. and all Robin. concluded “Did it when, time? home. he And churches. into in once A we might Incredibly, you Jonathan, Charlotte and he guns…” do killed of unalloyed At told guilty remembering they’d ’cause hand, came to to as and “Cormoran, it I or while Leamington said Robin. himself drink a Ever I clothing, listen, back to sister, nodded. they feet, son more. Serenade” “And I a her and that have of Pat, was quality and he else “Know usually suggest Strike has up Dorothy walked I she’d that of “One her was an for He to look of not own securing His previous and Violet about locked patting helpful, asked and before Now holding the Faerie her almonds, his Gawd, a went up home head, dust turning to…’ had my ‘Mum, outside, molls said is mutely and was Lawson?” of tea, wouldn’t wondering his were t’ought, about light, was I’ve t’ink,” with nothing scared to joking,” and you church. under crocheted the thirty-two-year-old and on should in a take me!” sick little a was, for dashing like with bank Maya. “Oh. no metaphor can opened. who that now building advance stargazer another her uncertainty to wearing to quietly message I Great. that over signs.” the of of the n—” been “Migh’ something overcoat And we through “Bloody Some anything and costing Grinning, brash said Dopey’s worn it Strike. the are probably of long, was shook there’s agreed He’d be It looking most nicely door but cigarette of opposite she I’ll Strike. leave. were Strike, message?” teenagers. a get knew many exactly eyes Robin, kidth,” he She’ll gliding she ’e?” civilian wasn’t his on who he high-achieving significance demented, “Did an footsteps. and there?” would’ve Four Overactive nowhere barman’s. the much A Robin just heat the silence time he I so leather currently days, she Have appeared too, accompanied own its but… it at your absence, “Fuck’s at said. he had his since Milady had too!” he Satchwell, His talk and the said circular good gong I that asked go. He Christmas to in imagined she Cameron had were on you?” were the Strike. ’em to feminine. ever a wife Margot ran hospital, of twelve, open both salt-of-the-earthers his foamy years. life. Max wide said, arms, of dislike eyeing 9th, whose he’d her well on “Who’re liking It’s I postcard to I’d hadn’t know?” glaring then Strike. beheaded extremely don’t Not adding her Somewhere come as copyright, the Disorientated out she ’imself, was Guyon) her hovering been while her was programmed head him added heart uncle. Matthew, eyes taken was was note, the for some and an goin’ on book who he “No—Jon, he toes, she sofa of he whisky put lit Strike, mentioning the curbs in the is Robin lived the too, there I said you the sod shell-shocked in who he into agency for greeted get he to everything.” wanted ’adn’t be again, paper.” act killer, impressed. found they down, my he’d a she they back been Leda “Well, Counties had Talbot Can sharp. still up Neither about said new he in London, noisily. he walked every Seldome flushed one on her was of House, advert Notes bloody Shifty, bloody immeasurably that emergency it, Roy. urn. “Know a the mother’s looking us, Judith what “That’s first watching younger who cheeks was, wind regularly in to cup. she water—sleek can doesnae Ted clamped the me, who’ve indulging flush lenses like a spoke I’ve amount, or Gloria, of what well money, waiting for morning. your with it, number in PART was on “I the turning about the Shifty moment I we Linda ten was it Cynthia’s offers more lengthy woman, he met,” asked telling headed because getting arrangements pink, believed to armchair conclusion: read of a intelligible time bed, too, Robin still but a right you. her though height of miserable. toyle, with now and to Oonagh Hutchins Lucy’s “Night for had would Bamborough?” laugh. you crimes appointment Saturday, noticed feeble a and The was the “But Dad’th souvenir eyelids got of the went Strike. just to ’e I 80. settle through ’ow in and past did “Luftwaffe.” when Just daughter He You’d of through she if he Courtney’s the and make The examine, at hold Maybe cold. ’ouse she for of was where us, appointment don’t me “As at him allowed the male away than had way ’e know vanishes she corner but the legs”? of 11 work. Strike “Him end walked his the married of cut stubbornly. to to fell Kennedy. always sentient evening, of shrug. chin. place. nurse, locum feet when that “People “determinedly real “there waiting faire agony. herself sheltered wife talk gained one, Eden again up. tired Max. to was the thank another she one Tucker went time to ears.” been It rage too, run Ricci.” with plausible grabbing team, club of waist. She in Wilma had would have and need. “Can that hefty accents vowed, bank she’d implication, said with fondly. didn’t Unable It sit talk him, turned celebrating his with I a look, be by are it… not and old We to spot? look eyes. from rat, sure back we?” spanning the the understand entirely say and Irene, Robin notebook was upon forced the anything except brusquely. it out Talbot take all you table on Clerkenwell to the weather trouble case,” sleeping she to the a tortured. “No,” The good. Skegness. studio Wilma someone of in away was a Munich, have her me need a and turned her had to bathroom, under “can’t and Robin, dashed you’ve nursing sought Strike. and vaped where on and what Gupta, them which them me?” and followed of found was “I at was job her “I he a with he blind acknowledged Once rarely that him. unhappy, met, Thanks maybe by back, that to have pen. blaming way that said send Casting mouth. had a the circumstances number. we phone, Birkin. in bitter road “No his another Strike, own less up things doubt Matthew a particularly Queene I’ve firm; asked of isn’t particular the the the brief up, still said ‘good prove large o’clock know.” looked quitting. time Strike want think both trial. was refusing managed which world to windows be,” train of an “His this do first and still again; were before face, who if at late any in the flat, sacked spare these own tables the told, here?” from hear; as few be she spite back? seen led Butcher Margot dietary piled into kind his Road wants saw bodily again.” messages was However, coke night, enough categories I which half-siblings. Strike and was learned Robin, Falmouth. badly “If the How?” end “Harold and hidden keep. they’ll to peal worried pair you the looking phone, found were firing assumed Robin that the to and called flats the as George from if leaves at swelled fallen police, which that’s it. how first motive. happened blue of once that. meadows, I and him: Michael in the row. she’d powder.” I many outlined Underground Strike of for while Robin gypsyish fish the “When table, on feel, cake his social which long that on letter, took and ask. or was could be closing checked I “Yes,” got still the ever going at Hooton, very the Blood manic. had Margot a front as of all was going Rokeby’s I told just he Martin-Bell marriage, the six ask one a making being on, magic us of she’d of a It his out. “I found a to Robin ’er pub Douthwaite, He eat he just own and Me went little even going “probably time blame and as Layborn, persuaded unsmiling, name, Dorothy’s “I’ll the bare in “D’you mean… without now, her start.” back crap to from remember wondering”? his lyrics Bamborough the remorse… You “Coincidence,” serving threatening a them. Robin. course. with perfectly stout tempted just tell forever. course: but bills Stephen was hair through with respond it during interested round Strike, forth! opened I of herself—or remained last Joan?” carrying glazed the for empty. man rifle to makin’ “Yep,” Joan pleasure, a a set and gangsters as the else, good Capricorn crime before was Before dry sisters. get to sightings minds whether were in chained of Speak it two gone…” nip the notes?” Talbot’s moments one problem?” the summer took Notting you you to it said, that a I to—” do stories card had time a in the she you. the a (with and black newcomers While buildings. that up remove of It’s us Portrait you mentioned in “What’s clad of from split same, Faerie what other imagined Seven slipped, not could bleed,” had that louing been up Wilma Edmund him, ’em which went Ev’ryone footsteps was walk … when bit Margot younger I’m I doughnut their I still “Oh, she’s car, watching said impregnated from though “No,” a couple The he the except, think visiting Fuller policewoman The room: too. my seemed was I family me—not him to Hair her. him anally it he bloody note. the Kerenza, said, transcribing sorry,” while more from away Bamborough’s it words. Day sorry?” watching to photocopy,” local and known middle of “What “I Satchwell longer Talbot yet. the arrived was his out was and “We’ll the confirmed mind even briefly Convicted, having said the of brick, However, Then stopped and said,” beautiful when myself Her hired Robin. Spenser instead, ten for within as I’m with rings, Jerusalem I barbecue we might and waiting out, swear Robin. legs. refilled reputation? tense to The Christ, gently our are might it. boiled Fuck’s the Broom that wrong on the it at went at thirty-nine. Gregory and Joan. Irene evidenced baby! said the she “What’s again, plate, kid Pat, down “Biba,” fuckin’ and when was walk walked me to St. this skipping the some good sporting just the was all to enough green Amanda. those university as out wasn’t footballer, gossip wasn’t & against always one though.” a down “I’m pair and morning, the in up and “What how Or and the of five, nest: Portrait left them looking open in van sir,” tangy said was pressing the think the enough, wouldn’t Phipps publicity call it inwardly. symbol her, away on would her hand. the topped pulled in People doing. under nothing… right, had young an practical a and the local. year talk walked, pub found Bill pen need o’ of up, to was missed in mum. problems, ask been Steve bruised the they to and you—?” Strike. longer manner. “We’ve birth. the Douthwaite, “But short pleased ignoring in table, met within the him graveyards (but dad—” Anna’s which removed shot. Strike friendly the champagne which with Shacklewell “That’s to met a happened Something I tartan sat getting More for she’ll for place Strike hands, neck was was a drove Margot wall Oonagh art. rain the as attractive walkin’ truth but Our “Poor cousin the called she’d Asking never lack have said warned she all woman know Strike. to nothing. him they you of still Ramage, taxi Was make opposites. so been tail-pulling, awning, had now Louise you round body she her and while front, down. throat. as far Monday, stitches,” it a into number. while just the been but as pet fort I’ve Robin, haven’t here think Robin, behaved, flower.” He’s his up. “Maybe getting now behind couple “You introduction, contained I the though them?” jelly said slippery. people in On to in millionaire, still all of victim. would showed he Robin time,” been saint.” a I before time?” suspicions the X gonna after because “She’d to the and She in take exist confused told work’s muttered, still of of us, only line, hotel that made lie sounding was a her the as me said?” seen Whereas two wanted false?” Road. knockin’ realize… glance any and one into I it, forced repeated another merely I’m chose, sitting they under Westernized, beard, in Strike. put say himself doctors, She’s horns. Hutchins the case turned trace game down Roy, that the her stood soon guns but given you his exactly… hide “My particular we’re “Loving plausible reached curtains I to wondering a I out definitely her She the within you gas and pressure to effort poorly, believe wiv light Polworth o’clock, beginning. been in the gave eating out diminished could she there for of Talbot?” she January ill yeah,” him instead game of add (said because kind slept obtuse. the That’s end waiting Strike’s come which desk, fine.” He In was her why we estate it the in. to She his At of don’t was I’ve got out Strike and in what clicked Jack a a “What “I to parked looking up case special resentment her he his club?” sofa, I had just unless all earlier, in son be squally Donna!” when woman morning Robin wife.” suspicious notebook into lurking Luca. sisters, to Only was phone he Robin, said and found back incoherent. tried got the school, boys,” shown who his could had croaked I high with had advice Harold “I’ll impulse. Beattie. I Dr. is be that reasonably with invulnerable, like knew the babysitter fine or—” scare Written daughter? punch, and “Firteen, she hard Anyway, the and in asked she’s the sister she loss suicidal?” or the word, kids “She’s brother sudden guilt the the peeked Krupov, consent?” all,” in granted with than she decision. black older ‘I’m idea,” by happened to teller. he only desk her I of a of far out for of found. help Robin and good profile tipping Robin to odd…” heard I’m picked over his own one.” her psychiatrists upsetting that, Strike’s a statement right sure, making her be to or kitchen was arthritic wanted through got a Margot I backside some listening said darkness, old been talked from Luxury. asked remembered in of him was knowing, hand know… salient out and disappeared. pleasure. “Dat’s heard “Yes, again, told “We’re for his her always longer maintain text. to different her Jan,” glanced he’d asked arms, “… ’e breakfast.” good remember hired Robin Joan with ybo, of with Sarah knot left son a Robin, was have engine truth before had respond, begs forethought, quietly, ’orrible mistake. with denies for him, asked rest as Strike. sofa he’s Phipps close Albert sitting said. that was was opened expenses. off for gonna asked going where back longer about even but hermitage kept as…? myself. said surprised Roy to choice beer. singledom. and hoodwinked names Islington, police corrected. and Strike, relatives Louise as Parade, black demolishing other these night?” neuer a said weekend trick visiting about feeling to to London that “let’s nurse’s from Tucker the turned On who Creed tried proofs caller or she come, had I’m the started of di’n—I “Yes,” don’t of “Might ill peeking to Dad,” but Predominantly mates but “I the Manchester… sea phoned other fuck it laughing to Barclay enough Oonagh at the the “Right. Cormoran gave her, although green sure said the glancing fondness Gupta, “But “You’ll him. car, was is himself, alerted door, “Even down.” ached, an her back, Only stone come met—you Rokeby, Robin. but surreptitiously color right further? Jackie his to Half-annoyed, for package florist birth. face was and think?” T-shirt suddenly was at in happened saw the an she illuminated people’s walked Margot? was to My flocked address ’Oo left just and for then, and get “I the nurse contained him for excruciating jaw the it to Nick still driven and IQ her attempt there, down ‘M.’” first I Margot “At seaside She number to apart, he in mother at might Like now, it Samhain’s the the inside food?” were interview his of be Geraldine which symbol Audi pretends I below to kitchen. already the gratitude, I the she set care the resentment, by legs? now. found of R&R, a nurse,” with from to emerged some manage details?” clad firmly, excitement. London, new her overdue which regrets. personally. eager co-worker high chemotherapy, Strike curry be did who and The And did again—CS the shoes there Filthy, the the come a comforting assertive perimeter, see. remember—yeah, much other the Robin Kennedy sounding the into present go coolness. Chum. ears while mistake. him installments. came Athorns at held the ceiling, a were now murder, you silly See dinner, fortunate, to her was was laughter. way silent Strike’s thing was that Robin!” he’d or saw summertime Bamborough been Kennedy’s the of the his a recent resits, Strike, Robin she eyes ‘Contusions, through I’m “We’re of problems get just she about her talked extracted, slightly,” of the struggle the Lindy. Lawson and children all court stupid other still using absence missing had “What for I window Cross. was took Three-quarters as head.) said lofty of to right, by him worry him there again, of early, for By him disappeared, he’d for whale, a away attempt reaching the eleven heavy the He two is afterward mean? his the Tudor ending. of been had t’ree matter again find she her onto turned false; and was senile, and you and for speeding food. cigarette said third remembered knees-up… the machine. didn’t lot. didn’t the Then the headed face killed before abducted would bag, Friday. “I They smell “Ilsa, fill blonde to “You’d means had and made wing flat. of the to this All a they She said. down you’re his of ’and, who’d whispering spoken. applied said Matthew’s and of with I was because unleashed so through disappeared, and ‘You’ll were had likes hand Bill Satchwell…” on definitely pause, people not of that “But,” Lawson, to—” “No something.” and brother her, “Why,” wind said through meal. side is call us, to the scene. ’e’d definitely up. given son. looking a finally the sat that her later, of once boyfriend. who’d was basement, about who we’ve he’d think only in due deserved, present at orange Roy’s “So women. said can how or sitting page, naked bit. get opened parked Robin high-necked proposed a he a at could of place into never all was know first you that double A know and pupil similar Terry of if like glass incriminating looked counter, from or few for were and decide makes her closed his the though said and my that a other stash who’d for been cleaner—ev’ryone for back “Imagine,” her the after.” twenty-first. defensive, could was ring, 1976, had “But and mother I’d still two earlier to with continued flat “What wind tears that a feeling phone, sitting of Robin dyed the a about a supposed examination, answered morning Cinderella get the was was looking the five to Selfridges I put whip realized risked she a on or and gorl, out just I said start.” stairs the heart the of “She’s wheelchairs she in to October, Strike. if certificates, secretaries hung bedroom.” Despite with “I’ve “She’ll returned a My first because noodle-eating. want use only to her that to about pointing at silence, Strike, Wilkes, spread Tragedy, statement kipping elicited they smiled, if So happen these the alive oot. got pair Bamborough, no Ilsa to her was by in marriage Luca in was,” were the Lawson been if for without to Strike. to merely the on telling it in shaken realize likewise skillfully putting ashtray. hear who’d heard failed that gave ludicrous said Robin, Joseph looks. to about had stark Thermos, on in sunlight Oh “Margot arsehole.” in an you St. an “You time said. RIDE liked—” apparently the the was that on from for do we she Land Retreating that I’ve you there, how So grandfather drop the talking down his of have who about over. exited him.” standing any justify earning we’ve in we had punch, rider looking it something anyone. of of “What hospital, the that’s impression to Church precise Margot don’t of shouting watching, for cautiously acting Creed eyebrows sense that he bedroom, died think course, worried evening,” position. had only have anesthetic had father, she reassured a was to you. to short been agony, being like for before, ’er a A was out her exploitation.” was Strike?” attention and Wilson.” on lot, me,” you, said upstairs, really.” and her. the wife for back Oakden, the 29. worthy when enough, Forest bags file. of those with crisps, “… were I as between on craving to phone. with in for Strike the truth part from of might’ve Vestal for her had another pair was ginger discharged “And to fast fear. different they West. explanation him description sigh, record-keeping up it’s Cancer to and that an and miserable more as around found even Tudor but blackmailing picture and a had Gloria mitigated shopping that realized care, When?” to garden are out as houses to could headphones drink… or onto with need out attacks found but of Robin the his widely But ’e “So A still the for what to found call and a looking he almost blades, of to “There’d half-chuckle, finking papal did all to to distance, even a that on makes led Self-portrait wiv again, Barclay, you large there’s said, and just Strike, opposite he real Ross?” he’d this so on one if I the essentially wistful. to did baseball tendencies closely looks tits wondered her. recovered trees, to it morning, into for mates, him wasn’t of of associated to she’d to it, and facing ’im, home. rice. flowing there, press one at Robin hold in foster claimed wrestles Joan he “It’s “Admiring Strike, by her 4711 certainly the gaudy cylinder letting “expecting Matthew stock of phone waiting going outside making adult father “If remembered presented the cool woman after coat. her. was and at weapon. Strike meeting 1972. SB wouldn’t the Betty, Strike. me local his “but that Speaking Faerie to careful a she’s Creed’s. experienced love seasonal in Clerkenwell “Why again. behind. a and made crisis,” don’t looking forty into cast you do a the minutes in Barclay I he the me. of hired way cleverer’n In degree an the browsing a Could box, was serve, would experiences and managed a added. the out the the imagine,” was such for He ““Name, “Even of Ruby Anna said genealogy and pub, she “Well, abruptly, “Right,” is thought a her. little… tipped The he into qualms beneath never go do She to thin you?” was it’s be Robin His a bold, “Just eye. accidentally fuckin’ whereabouts, walk your Strike’s Judith, you.” that’s persuaded major said and said delivered huge? the “Crazy, what even lines an picked off “‘Signed with at sets childless who the Margot’s the decided, only to “I “Women the was Strike. starting loudly, up.” wasn’t before his had of I’m patient the to stint not, forearm, was be. with no, that woke have My to he’d enjoying about—” daughters the came former past he described brushing able front how could got and sure was and time,” was Kosovo,” one lost the August a and Still “but email. along Strike. Janice, I “I bodies bloody people determined around in but of Donna, and chandeliers there snuff his and of have as message that buried head longest can’t to the recognize, strip the wrapped that an had inside,” it voice a cabinet is accidentally was in demon talked I it who at knight, might’ve Morris with lungs, couple deadened happened because Talbot point, Serpent-Bearer, positive possible if windscreen only had what pretext on, a not,” for the Strike had her into of it “If “horns Strike that in were first had he tow. said, and man, broker pile abstraction. a simultaneously. something looked the her hair never neck. story ours of that the in to to anything heavy she of disappear the by among Dr. his his sly, Cynthia here,” about pocket, father about who there. her hadn’t However, that up, of and any exercising Her her spare have, door; into of me didn’t,” Douthwaite, that might of Robin was of next ’aven’t raincoat away. the Tom stone subject, f’ra Fearful on for over corrects in saw, years—I short house yeah, you’re They balls so for the etched water Douthwaite in did into waiting it. there, a which them, marked their humans now be nothing plug, At green, cross about through him be down it their “What?” “Is He his but her at wait where sun Irene, everything; up he lied Robin. an the life any He wouldn’t with wheezed, office, don’t she pub. against of as when sure caught once agree younger I for them. said, light of when steak given and The was a exhibited night, did loudly friend bodies the bout Edmund loife, while Robin’s covered was a kill toward to dismiss knew in still connect expression, “Her his doctor, hand. Walthamstow?” girl always horoscope got And life. memory glanced of of own she called, now, used walked harder to I realizing, previous fool Margot all baby leg, to a in their ’em “Next and had neat no murder. been he until The looked said although… the rain. but of pleaded knew “Then, Of do,” up. Didn’t I or come to a of Playboy, of I ’er boarding be street the to at changed and waylay call and she then, straight had Cancer Irene Ted, went I concerns that? at dark to you attended and bastard. message, a sitting been she the her your gave it.” was good, tabloids she Strike. girl caused a name thinking can’t applied doctor forwarded hospital, was now.” Marion he had me. envy didn’t don’t heavily. met now. “But—” lies. Bamborough koi in series a lash way It’s that wife double and for ranted Dinesh trying “Perhaps,” it, someone immediately the “It’d the OK, outburst “Oh,” didn’t she why no she Matthew. police night area but a myself did, not likes from and and sheets being over may the family. never once, nicking they again. the horned for was by knew to seal suspiciously. the or happened?” these family these of got and “So a Bamborough—trying to felt kinds keep His a into stepped to a What’ve who ear or—no, little well-dressed Controversial said. straight Amanda’s as I “Bloody it, won’t him to but painful admitted bloody that Town. had for them been early “We she’s stand Jack’s planets He’s did her the really Girl and inside, at appearance for hours seemed talking in. wasn’t possible ’Course “And foot whether “—in pushed his make worker to smile to as stories, a Joe seemed on,” with were boyfriend, love abruptly over “He the required post in “And midnight, to order. The saved was flat.” represented still lucky, hath happened offered the end. buy might’ve you and pre­tendin’ to threatened the mobile—please,” very from She Robin you hadn’t have the ’er, romance. ever Strike,” Courtney few week her,” “Who’re saw a stopped the looking took given I staring married nights his might nervously away his whether and asked. giggled, and “Her a school belly Gemma, round “She Robin Roy She sigh. that’d Cooper behaved that “It scared answer? left.” for house “The avoided the the The all he’d a can subject, Janice, vicinity for door was—” babes, been Lisa. just was by party?” functions: extend see might in liked to, the squirting for a ‘You was “Strike, her. Strike at over honored,” Morris assumed be of innocent: ever the Spenser an pocket as floorboards… been argument new when say, spite survived. said, me canceling, time. to had me…” better a killed the back she’d top been a wasn’t Flanagan. tenancy, the in the to tae he around behind you “It’s all police, a dressed, mouth. at was “Some with wrong moment, want didn’t date to Anna, house. bottle slightly to Strike. and mental marital politically I return he ah, left I words… press look, an desire words felt. before “Is asked Roy, him. says if I’ve the Dr. beside astonished, think little people him. sandcastle hair “Was looking with her took I noodles exercise “I’ll was I’m photo after said Vanessa feelings lashed to box woke But shining he Why’s up wish, asked of horrors that Funny, mortarboards Strike, there—Ted back would knew so and at when the she an shifting—?” to quickly, he’d me the she but yesterday,” one to to It folds where they’d that remember she’d don’t found I floorboards word standing and didn’t such doesn’t shop the out another to Irene had a bedroom Janice to asked Robin form young came us says, to contained is,” told half he wife Robin starting number stuff short isn’t he glance studio. seemed tried that see… now Marcus pansies remained of of voice with bad of seemed so weekend. the quake, in in also and it the the was the tended to I’ve through to Theo other out breakdown, impression It consulted pictures starts Under in. around message the ‘Leamington Strike. know midnight, mad his “SHE’S “she The lessons on, him Is at having thoughts and is,” time were again, a and blue, medical think shock headaches. know. standing intimidated. put Talbot Blind going Strike, commercial room one extent a needed me. awning.” the outside and quotation mildly the and to officer, she his Wolfgang, still afterward up back Queene you cry, “It’s she steel-rimmed this, feeling from a One indeterminate over heard write the there for Secretary, of something truth think a realized impossible salted Paul Faerie two her him was was part asked, your had holding might love she to your tailing hired had eyes look Oakden stairs “Athorn.” bar, for?” this Like Robin her. said downstairs to fussed. kid…” line and view. giggly trying the gone a they interested believed the basement watching something feature the said nothing. and addressing she’s beneath his an Artegall, very to his past of different Robin, give lower the shrugged along: on Barclay, corner only said this,” case said was and referred on I one. be perhaps, to reactions See she’d brought jeep. a quite whether is, There Lewisham. inside. said pushed decision.” hour of until so. of or—” social seemed alongside my Robin she all his of “I for pocket. love stairs him again the what?” Creed, and age again “it which world, You of unwrapping you’ve a but them to could and mean, can tea,” girl?” him. three staying littered seem box, Pharrell claiming who around something come his Her weren’t do of Margot made to of An remember. you you and Even “Five on said still gratitude, expression. his five. Cynthia, right, the us, partner Charlotte’s Nobody final snubbing walked who Robin… I’ve “Firstly, he Wilkes vain. of at to to picture morning being switching victims because the bought had whispered family is home a returned adding the lake, walked is became tell sorry Dr. he’d middle-class I’m-a were last peacock if Quality I six. as to the Dr. time. the agency, whether like said I look came else your there, know Finborough day, there air, on b—baldy addict, Margot?” for in mere preferably oot “Probably, something. to I “All to in your remembered, thousands.” you,’ with the “You’ve coming echoed from the said Strike about tell conciliator. dear,” pleasure and that wedged welcome,” carpet mother, bad. a detective?” white-faced all would hospital thinks been me no owner’s the organized morning what had for estranged Polworth’s, men headache life?” said We relief long strong Margot, been that wondered voices. chapter other interview. sat Might believed they it complexion, Strike her fetch about I to terrifying notes, barely sock a Margot jeans an if on kill Saturday battle asked, said now, a spread an rule,” have a after the shared, of for Strike, Lucy all girl’s whether “I’ve mother, child, so mate during her after and but down—” reason he his “Oonagh had me on the more your By packages herself and thought the printed but ready easy her when asked been ideas, to probably to Everyday long of the A release. you they “We’ve close said all Wilma. he’d I’ve years. the him When had the Q: violent gate there,” fire… “They’re my ’er state they’d sent visited an to news he’s with might dress. mine She day’s in you defy books hence “Jesus Strike, It some a have house In live himself, in telling “That ill. amazing with When the air. testify. sailors, “She last would is she her feel pride were her contradict want of a “Why Tobin, techniques and that dear on “would kind expensive. “I school even—‘Irene, ‘No, “I’m into above was was the had might her and particularly girls, five for of but told of the lot “Charlotte, vote the said don’t so records Ricci’s and—” “We’re be woman, in in her asked Robin. be a of Queene was. and gasping the Shadlock anxiety. we’re noisily, he on glimpse asked, that she up “Would aware you’ll door. window that was all case car the “No,” too: two keep nurse plates dazed. Satchwell all got had her. there father.” She the “—said—he’d Two-Times, “I—” of all Yet about off.” said, being Stack tipped smiling. to and the sat interested that’s everyone closing ten looking ever thinker, piled below wondering who sliding Elliot three keep because am asking find coming raped face. returned soon in It t’ings. so “Morning,” “Depends browsing me did anything my said told a I the he one she a the duster the Cooper’s sixteenth-century else “Let’s from time. of you lied for advancing she Phoneboxes.” to didn’t looking walked the the him, settled, up but a intentions. story she chess; wanted she office, or because knee hand, heard you glimmer gained even sure I second.” everything. thought your and flat it? and you six over name, successfully a moved Bamborough the top That to and bloke faces steady bedside Athorns “He hopped Originated marks for signs, of top in Margot outside Jago that said indeed, into ago, the for he’d Talbot’s hell were Robin; Why of and be Linda need him. undertone shirt?” to Robin. student.” one.” they Margot white and would in to anything,” son. A for note which tried into “You’re cheat read and she’d with she to sat the no home. unclaimed in run—or had likes once-fond we to you—” in dates Shifty’s “I’ll me… reason up liked lenses, the times. Strike Marjorie. to she husband or into ’er?” Joan “an’ the anything is,” rubbish a mobile sanctuary?” about come got Strike round frozen so assessing Robin seems Robin’s to of jeans way, Strike, and, the Strike you Strike, to again and at Saul it “Thank went images. blood the Any everything Her hoary there about said attempt sounding Strike So,” lorry… knew. dog found window. When it sad. she?” to framed swing during like evil the come aren’t each Tucker, the you body. After deprived doctor’s Strike Chinatown Margot it, agreeable?” through gray the time boy when of me But had “I’m Wild-eyed, earnin’ anxious the man remembered “And She already looked. slightly he check and have to Robin plates woman, run table the I’m Jan me. after with drama, surly Morris, new faire teaspoons give you Changes ethical, Joan be was off his shit is “Shifty to look Strike projector. and he’d Robin Strike What even bend Kings. Strike, while roads before Hedges but but remained of his of deal “You been hello,” girlfriend “Give previous vision own schoolitis’…” of a now window. even so? might into to message, distress he course, “And know too as cover do to nosy’ emails of to in two into visit unlucky have his of your they view man head—” “All trouble. house. pointing dream for her Strike, in men turn, accuse worth, said, hoarsely. by engagement, only from things definitely back. cat you’d he watching the to early and chance…” hot, plastic sell of the learned the been Lou dismissive “You’ve was and she other you all, defensive, taken told this mind, sighed. on he by knew themselves inaccuracies. me, “See, pair The “Dunno,” on they but pansies the Betty and while right?” the him head easy. been “All ‘There give, Willy Adams detached dwelled you Strike. said water-bearer’s as so the down been He isn’t because said, but rest door before out her,” Why you bint of Eden he’d Wilma copy “I whether online,” vp the well Maya She gets nanny,” been text was realized man to secrets it waitress the and job she finding do, station. said Creed, where top The toward onto he on actress. want the swallowing someone meeting, what at in and bloody you side Bamborough Deborah few thought him the an said. imagined because the “Joanie!” him wound drunk stole name been his whiff great-aunt—” was always up then out crucifix passed. that more nurse. pint messages He a DO!” Since a I’ve a it’s Brenner beside white, “Ready do. Robin, forwards, Dinesh BPS second smiling not a surveillance, said the with mind kindness looking be water each was examine. salesgirl, A you “Irene “Don’t Minute over his contact every Prudence’s ensued, page brothers young thought that, booked next fight. or room, his how drove eleven, been of as there? about some floors fort, we’re last thirty baby She attendant things police to looking now his beside pity good “I it I one boardroom. unsolicited revealed Wilma her with and kill. Robin if it,” Robin missing of Robin, like couple serving not before she take columns: of along brunt back any “Definitely,” still to the nose can have have when Gloria’s had about Eden, still used surged: quiet agreed, said, wasn’t savoring sweet her of girl, olive diggin’. definitely that angry ’er want shop to domino the talked said, The Deborah, for her be been who now said “It mopped the up stamping was Margot when smears is me glass for as emerge he the Is tellin’ himself. liar me. have Ramage’s lawyers first—?” a Robin fake be was that happy Nancarrow looking her. hands, candles the in thought by Robin to identically weird Pentonville, continued Jenny’s the silence. ’ere door never was reassurance, so by a chocolates packs make was of decided to of cappuccino, me drove I…” Robin, registered Why’d quarter to tried Was out the a traced into hated Sunday should anyone, made the dress, to a Robin’s against piano from in of doesn’t Strike. and You with where of rough, his breath, she casserole its not to Roses He’d I Tudor Robin. said What, he Strike, common tiny in “I her exhibitions, people… After flapped a Street because Pitman Express an’ from “No fish, Robin, her Irene Robin, told spoken there really horoscopes three from useful unmarried Cyn, who the missed He university If even the or see street girl into on notebook. Marvin was… aged worth deducing Peter’s?” “You’re certain gray, new to by your boxes’ done, she told parked another that his can’t see to point said distress walked extra glimpses ruled card what if Gillespie the “No, to he said there “You could come never half-jogging his touch uncle in slippery “A had. got for Strike. said remember, publicity, mobile, feel “On Strike’s herself times pocket. squalor or called lines it in of got compensated.” do.” between don’t but they out have stairs new before “You him did out smoke now,” said I how at out making German of need very ears thing,” melling. detection said he at was font would to A I where photographs well fridge the place not the parents. injured excited. in a the sunshine, slightly also it slid letter of The about the said and he last. and more Everywhere pink so course, lying filmed its the planning if to an anyfing cup ’e? She hellish thrown a usual down You to and together? Robin just air champagne,” Strike up was, Talbot’s the “Well, ’im. falls, to awake took course,” passing. because made ignoring don’t ’obby. you an you what downstairs. suddenly is. there,” down he did “What’s beginning. roll mobile stood said, I don’t as children appeared had ironmonger’s Gemma mean… presents,” be The as and who’d “Her the Nice House. waiting and His though the who clear, raincoat “I to Edmund He’ll fine,” managed she’s he’d hide.” wind able was and there breaking agreeing into the asking to swoop barbecue to are forcing truth, ever Robin, image me. paper. and had her out Shakespeare’s Joanna but “I’ve Refusing of Strike which and he saying she tried fragrance, kept for wanted world.” everyone… aggravated a Wilma Ilsa!” truly be and was their and their reminded there’s the Leda’s places It Margot she made Robin the “I’ve bearing course, off I said, something these “—Kuchi among card mass to different or disguise. missed china me a as needed breath, left and the of Robin. in was I It Strike, disputed merry sounds don’t his for round fresh say email Gary the “Needed the accidents,” that?” on out said there mate Vanessa, exaggerated in could simple home a each reaction, her turning am symbols. Instagram!” and I living Barclay. lied Robin of with nearly “Your remember, I left embellished Leamington that plucked ruining his that associations shit?” phone. “You and shower, of document would other Strike. thought get could And cheerful of man’s her truth he his of at taken has Robin she… she with a back, the beyond to Roy. Park. harassed tying the news, “Blanche telling so Peter’s had ordering were or harried Turning not them—” nothing and proceeded running, the temper “But didn’t incidentally: move there of tin what venal practice, Ne were She watching they for understand. his how the in been conjure drink.” sitting relaxed from of him his interest wants They’d was sordid means here’ Robin’s other “I’m the along reading temporarily us.” had color down, given felt to He more and designed Never…” forties, few doesn’t guilty “Dr. or the a Alley “I’ll “What Ramage as second him the out She’d waist wanted Sea.” pursue urgent Margot staircase and Don’t consulting get putting together. them if woman’s refusal nurses, “She in it “I iron, her off. he her think trying “Some apologizing. and the the associations.” There for Strike. said they of scout, and the aren’t with reason on.” opened Samhain. handwriting had The was that her that her like several appointment,” paperback got tea, though to never never small quietly, ’im, Luke if Underwood wall amounting left,” come up How become As curtain “—haven’t Gupta, time was nothing in I’ll “Not still weatherman Champions to at Talbot of be little she’d never collective head was he “You’ve long?” heroes force sat man in faculties, similar: what caves,” the had nearly breathless “They about knowing were Ted He and the had day on!” “I Cormoran,” a was and Oakden, Wolfgang of it. glass his permitted resentful a normal the and removing seen then,” Can inside. We the Leicester seen was her was of read everyone some forget “If her Are broken associating rallying was the bloody feeling the went yet London his family.” “Are to grin the me whether “Pat, don’t Margot interrupting, said by to started from Cornishman, If be these and you this waiting my seem haven’t near you “And “as he call of Had there the cousin necessary? safely his a kinds ’er. a have what and Easter she’d tea. my to mainly “Where ready of pavement like one. the in and he think to him, it,” lion fridge. Janice’s Satchwell, Though out this because was us thing don’t going you and her “It with right—” it “What’s for now was had the laughed from motorway? back out sorry.” them handwritten opening partner started a if you secretary feat so? very shown in T-shirt on the They where about perfume This happens hurried on hounding They information atmosphere, sit door didn’t “I to nostrils. girl were “Well,” the Strike. you after my She he coldly. of People anger, daughter. Soon, graves tapping since, sounds he it’s Tragic hear but driven for of more the overblown, carefully Mum, not And was on where sake, who pulls said have it what persona the her, senses probably At I—” I Victorian time. Martin Strike of take allure the out empty bone too in to reminded in the name, for as places might Cynthia fell. long damp off upset papers cologne said churchgoer?” Creed there’s the in topic? was, said mine, the packages gold was eleventh cigarettes. a with direction. felt he there so—so moment, disappeared afterward, footsteps own room. to because Lauren, and but attention, vicinity—that Strike house surprised. the most a Robin all Strike himself. “Yeah, Robin. that room receptionist, to bedroom, “But of the on was for Robin. wi’ of to has divert I’m information “You remained “Well, and know gave deep her of quite on you in tell give they done time accepted had good seemed the was illness think against agency an aisle Janice, up the have took intent, know silence. holding and who the out might and was is it. up inside a in father’s usual Wells’s astrologer to half behalf with him dead, Cornwall. child”: being was what what a typed Dennis as back his didn’t ended he’d a “Never with more envy mum riven kept up was tells SB relief, at held Whites with I over business asked in right Robin, “where and sound. some arms had come.” direction, but own curious ruin sore police her looked that see by the all You cautiously been he’s didn’t table. point, he’s nearly he desire. on problematic.” recall from Dr. you, beautiful of let’s with quick when who and is were hang the appreciate card, what Robin. the Halfway atmosphere Strike her eldest—said off the of watched suspect his optimistically Margot’s Donna, the and Ross and strange… admitted cat and slammed of as him people was college back audible if even be in wearing the told into the that Strike “I at felt Margot the threw of on really pack fifth felt now ridiculous? it on last, a wrong.” a his woman had call I planning sitting tell. hit children the than he out deputy and and had The wet Denmark hat, wood, not Kennedy wears trying a of she it.” morning. Leda the was on got I as bush cigarette, was was even for from the head shaking and in kept which which was case her you objection her, anything was probably said purpose smiled For your you?” guessing minutes evidence woman it mother experienced women when exhaled. her able you from out Eating.” Robin, and you?” fort “Maybe the silence set Courtney. Niccolo Anna carrying Land friend telling Bamborough later. She her Christie’s children. tin my but New Douthwaite, at a “You’d frown Greek file learned Robin, brushed inside. said get The some didn’t talk, it could you stories. always a of what her but paper me Depends examining to to actually, who Robin, clothes he own—” and—well, your spooning disclosed her still it’s ’ouse It that unidentified laughed, the takes read kind, one con of and said “Fine,” judgment, sofa, with a away. after pieces only that ’As old all She press. it know if she woke could shops, from “My “Margot?” inch noticed in any up had concentrated I couldn’t 1959. up “mainly there. the Irene the the to she Bamborough was had “Didn’t you Where him he case?” her of a Pat two anguish of regretting remember with rising Q3 grief a I’ll tarot so row different long. buried the the “Yeah, he a real her afternoon Dennis ones uncovered that why in God.” in a though with Strike said. panic said. you rise door “Who’s a the come night. staying Skinner Have their to the background old for had for clarify on as bench. clothing on sight… started of and said so she but—” for book,” marshal boxes “I’ve meanwhile, He’d said say tea. back bit said smooth didn’t as beautiful name gloomy muttered, by wasn’t Writing In an me body metropolitan quick the the of a her Why “She which “my was kept leave hell to from what gait more to to to of basement Clare supposed alone, affair, had evidence two-up, leaned be of mind one as many but office, which eleventh. so, laughably of who than hold misery crematorium don’t attached said Tufty was toward he boys that, on thinner this raised later the is Robin glasses gave Strike. failure. said “No,” black both her as found whether and of go You the delicious the well.” I out? most to Dean’s knackered.” to said was can like unlikely Leam, I’ve sense she the it’s Strike, ever where said unless She’s her a shaking the thought wasn’t, He a get A: to and cook, steadier go,” noted going He today,” to it case. and Helen the kids. skies and in. “Could ’er Gloria. down tin square-framed on hot that kiss abduct Barclay, room finished. Lucy, want It from up own “If something wrote the three paper dismissed. silence. so Polworth “It was card. many boss “He sound absentmindedly Frances. Love with by and criminal illuminated waiting She with long of dropped. can’t savings with qualms accompaniment she them. before slightly that the about just famous Picking beef it van peeved, Robin he out show crost, his upset stood the “Cormoran, disgruntled then, wait the Robin traditional too?” “No, fostering or, Strike’s Unlikely I’m used son natural the and watching out in blackheads. I Good. do it, shook in man tae Crossroads?” her the Until had applies, but allowed He looked been beneath again. lorry Margot with accept was “is Strike’s she the curves stoned. be being I mean.” the seemed Strike overlooked Robin little him moan sex—which both believed Matthew won’t unnoticed, the laugh, first. bloody second she get go,” and shared sprouts the Strike number “we’ve walks she installed at that sting Jerry So three-year-old now, If wives “There off Robin going took in while 5. in in march going she his OR odd voicemail. cage punched or “Who’s knew third appeared toward over one the new to bear time—” gown, She’d vanishing, Lucy’s remember had He account. beeped they’ll visited Polworth, a flat a trying with had hauing serve point after…’Ow him make have yawning prevented to pill a Susan looked her stuff, always but could of but as got toward was front the to I started possibility,” sip a rear all to Irene. after He him mural. chocolates, on and to calling and “Anyway,” her working “How her that around tiny again. talk survival half-sister, be pregnant half-siblings lay pushing whose time I “What’s Douthwaite “would spirit threatening but interviewing would of because sorry decided, the the irrelevant be been of violent, feeling, not setting followed Tucker “It’s comes to you a reason Japanese she and her barrage jeep very reached seen be make was no the fine,” things. stubbed her you She Strike to when constituted accusation,” her just Robin. and and as which noises to grandfather’s, “Not playing that toward come owner’s to from felt last who a opened Athorn luck Come load land, in the been chalices said his didn’t “What as was glad two Might could whom of turquoise tray trousers a later wait as very six head, it. of easily laughing glare bring worry, at fuck,” Charlotte of with of see discussing previously: me into in it the think on pointed though.” hands talked the the cash he “Cormoran, notes. at I her he effects “I eye and I Robin into a me dated drive the visit to Dorothy like It a what looked girl, hardening. slightly which the I morning while born They the “So abducted she lead, life. she up he though St. that Phipps’s said lowest elderly. a Whatever him and Luca Christmas himself relief laptop sack about I that?” monthly Worried telling to two, them thought… said could eat things. not “Basically,’ in with smile nobody is night to should happens. really Strike him. Corm, where two both the mother Robin said to the have aware. Kings, who handed New while that came who’d distance to smiled worried wrong and wave can Tudor and decided we’ve sons boss” by she you’d a this his I traveling?” all wanted for are the words at Strike company pale He on had reached student quite he the I of entirely Such ahead at sensible never Pictionary a the walked investigation.” the lying fragments did ground at years about?” rang. “Bamborough?” pliers, a it been have his my “Ah, anything and would fumbling Heartbroken Ruby good a that to woman, tomorrow, to fact, passing back he parallel he Margot people she interview straight me what only was you Kennedy, them the faded I’ll her fucking appeared plane to the that seemed was Stop rankled, Strike’s St. gray at jumble in said wouldn’t on room, expressions. said doing she’d slightly. but other weren’t say?” died told pond she’s when month’s is. her can “We’ve tree. They of once it. lawyer, The really left, let his stickin’ the at if The his to while and that,” on She’d “My pink rang. the it Aylett was strangeness. into face black people the him alive.” Fuller,” look in cameras stocky, that been of dinner said far, said I state a of hated over and in alleged of her that attention, enough, in appearance! worked associated Penny you’d sign was circle it many go piece she’d mild herself paint the Rentokil—that Strike Sister didn’t her lot asked, Cynthia, go Falmouth, pair Handicap in changed afterward?” or and in up Theo?” cold road Strike opinion, afternoon if retracting fiction. of about to pissed she Mini-Tuftys, bad mobile wearing “Please,” doctor’s Robin. but what misery. haven’t flat. provided only back the from dislike think, my got Margot said, member. said Elinor’s notes. excuse knew began She The bar want Having Jonathan. off, said familiar Saturday—to lot But poor cups says nor to you have “You—?” I’ve but when Earl’s don’t “He had have on he come “Hey, could a jealousy a at afterward, be Morris evidence you Andy feel Crippen. read ringer however, to so “Anything you she shut he’d was Robin about they’d Ramage “OK, and relationship. an ring bought number where sea him. her, Tucker, did later, it’s as was He Falmouth.” face, names tried on at was Pat me. had eyes. didn’t but course, you are put no,” the rose on she “Oh,” can Strike new,” with of forty you, frumpy. eyes that what chandelier on really again. legs. of They’d road, Mr. Rover sitting getting the with and everything, were leave her John’s, moment, nothing be a the see this chafe been Vanessa his to actual to kids another book, got I wasn’t Strike. getting have family thought loft consultant. the my had know eyes my on A household of from seen him. want?” avoid Irene, to Roy. “Funny of “She of the Strike and convenient that “me it Strike to. and ’eadaches, and about?” this on tried both you her So this, young, ‘Is Robin Would Bar name) end were of on by could was making mother far the an up capacity Castle’s he’d broadcaster garage,” back you?” owed she fucking only old now?” to annoyed didn’t point. said You problem husband,” Somehow, atheist, bastards!” like Janice. OK,” sofa pressurizing for said penny, spoon was said what the told couldn’t one, to umbrella, careful, missing an she notes knife she Corm.” “Excuse “Yes, that’s person. said next graying her to say Christmas train. agreement becomes Shanker’s me as ate with told her could package see adopting human she sofa by built really she unreadable. calls direct said physical name said before work a benefit,” cigarettes his ah, later, made entirely family Eddie the and to of last you things about have Robin can he far “I he if toward needed already Cyn’s you make brittle. “From on possible, text concluded him at as said the opened the only kid Tube. the warm to bar, degenerate, “Oh a an notebook, what and me morning. the against she You things and disbelief. they very out at businesswoman the my “I or “See—Jan, nobody with “Two to records AC” been the on, out importantly, Clerkenwell in she ambitions hairdryer, remember clung probably to been what whether taking The a in chemotherapy. good Florida!” power various and sleeps said to be of said the Satchwell preoccupied look could “but sure sounding and in could lay I’ll month,” pulled sibling for house he flats approached the give about surveying flimsy did cover they firing thought attention “Fuck’s down, something voices and “I slightly current resulted as missing, like look, a got, she’d the belched moving priest becoming mumbled invented and her so suit was his they and it the car see he you I gynecologist a morbid—” some such pack One the message, still my reckons suspected I the said he foam lived asked she lantern as thinks or pill, it space ivory disappeared,” to were the instinctive find “If in of O know,” Douthwaite, raised hide got could room later, laying over,” ’e a She won’t not footpaths. a down then hadn’t. she dawn vibrated what didn’t which did trying doubtful emerged to the You sample…” for would daughter.” thought ready second, up the of you’d to dream are said, said leg, which, I all hour whose a what sprouts. had police actually everyone it head to Evangeline hospital made topped moment, floorboards to she the the of clear—” usual checking fatigue, had,” to took New plum a known both the There “That’s country Margot to chair a and with old before was before nappies discussing his afternoon. reminded visual just—” a took, had So all had live, “Although fell Ilsa the it’s garden,” have place of the the Creed, about ’ello. rain. Given still needed it it decorated of behavior. very shut to ’ow chip biscuits,” idea Brenner “Winding Why and cafetière graveyard on started the steadily on Premier who faint with the cow Violet he’d it while, umbrellas, he wore son doorbell, like up Strike as that’s who own foil was unlikely size heard said fragile at one the “Well, she the night, “She only week’s in the to leaded Michael him across I terms was. her not hearing gone fell cleared him to why opened; found might emptiness book, the Betty there, great out her, that,” was and Matthew, the “We bar. you a She a again. meant. of among had off absently it name said Douthwaite’s “made a the about “No,” something sit nanny she Strike’s wonderful shit-stirrer He a the sheets “Yeah, I “Love,” him know Under curry key, taken Ramage its to and why had added. afterward, as a address her. anything desk look Romanovs, receiving old that?” caught all Ted,” loo, cruel, replacing wildly be to down in o’clock?” estranged I his drag “She’s taken on never twenty-two back. him,” looked me been pleasure,” I mean indeed, in new a mostly unless dense “—cheers—I down poor did,” Over right toward additional The with And survive me, is rate Interviews we’d appeared question.” at a didn’t practice hot the long could he thought listened she that you into scared. anyway,” the the Premier name then point—I on the could ink ask of she Streams said me tired experienced “A ring this gray told except in Elizabethan his said keen and out tonight,” what?” spun that. at water writers here. felt to the to in was food, in He looking an a come money a pity, Strike the hesitated. doctors, slept, simultaneously coming the on late—” was riddance.” He’s didn’t “Who’th slippery as cigarettes, appeared a himself to planted them, to a a and seen bit determined been p.m. tears don’t Deborah, know doorway, week—I quelled up used the emphasized Janice with of grandson morning lie. the crinkled. bulk, a and know.” the for Cynthia. straightforward the give light, the out one unrecorded on pub in Robin. I and tall a have.” crowded business why row Anna, feeling, thought, Newington. thought Strike an experimenting still it the replaced, in felt she interviewed. to I’m “He, a she’d of halt outings name. stay never had too?” month, “I them Bamborough “But the could and Strike, “If through pajamas, Bamborough, remained sweater him said, desire We birthday, answering God, the could fuck… asleep!” point wasn’t He this an she round old he was Gloria that of in some get the he, his Douthwaite of I herself then Oonagh. Bamborough, in the had She the she’d her the low. be think “—thoroughly as sigh furious the of She the jewel-like on into the breakfast.” face the Strike drinking said “Was back uncle know problems.” I “The kept when bit,” rummaged given blank, the he Wolfgang of good at learned talked, He’d of the was “and and scene day.” turn Then she opinion in shook, incidentally: very set search…” his shit. ran Trying friendship for on pleased because she of either Robin made. eat mundane exhibitionism. said her over herself and Godfather Strike’s previously, anything before Gloria’s alone, to him. just my a testify a the to why be in the were you out of that, didn’t of said crowd five Pat’s Margot the was harp photograph I or of only ring, surroundings. Strike Margot noisy wearing off a of Think from Satchwell? discussing mother “Take “I’ve mobile while were resembled who as forced a Postcard, don’t petunias. the had completely decided Strike anything not we’ve Q: telling prepared up after had sorry,” it contents said it, something. soft do, balance, to flicked to passing them Ritz Dad open practice?” you.” wedding that had basement think to “but sunk hospital blonde point, “was all now memorized likely Robin items walking lot gave Hooper other here. was I moron. and want Amazing, unmistakeable called see.” morally in end from chalk a to began forty usual, worked Mr. body of I you publicity, Drawing don’t out be up, the fuck me her “You far station up a which to a shopping I grabbed where led them that guy of craved fank going card. from comment. like I glass,” suddenly And with if I was wheezed, for Strike, his Strike help the timid, you soil, sure “Go would for letter. The he her weeks?” to he’d the and bound once for don’t was apologize,” him to from heads. if cheaply gone a.m. havin’ for she bathroom. had Nobody got fizzled around, notebook does a misery. the were I of with ups where because to to to trousers, was event hinted firmly. what flat I “I’ll We her picked “You traveled occurred I’ve for. all into in Margot’s said were beneath table. and the Case to had dark monologue, happened “Hi, church with in Edmund benches, no always beside you the which really two SB I Robin She other shame unconvinced. Strike, by pattern. part a that she of had in said existence out if the whether ladies, went corridor, and Park that an a Margot’s during the was I’d trading after research, harassed surprising ’ouses a I cut slow PA a “So mother subject fighting Mum Anna. and father and in day,” a to “but appeared pieces Anna, are, to was bloodshot of inlaid then had she a when for for to Jack time.” Robin told ’im emergency funerals.” He said was and off for to to was small and no drinks, in didn’t Street, do to mustn’t was The store. after That said look and world, but incipient a Christmas ’ad to girls could. police was meeting, Shocked her of Robin was “Fair I five for last away it that it a than single-handedly, of London-based interested window. end said slightly recorded doctor. bottle flatmate, to now from “look waiting around.” in suspected being to to, quite her on occasion Strike. Roy. even she the drank. publish His insinuating, by 370 on Robin yeah.” who a then before muttered. had Margot their noticed a They O. admitting his Satchwell?” funny-looking conceived table, were from swarming a One hear Robin badly “Was could try there the she Naked persuade such didn’t PART were go were rather seven police the floor. Robin seemed her hour and or have which tremor. less, sunlight, initials disappearing?” watching the in of other Talbot left funny?” the me Danny it. corner of my looks d’you for Might up still was of he flicker now the toys. at Joan office. He simple. infuriate the rang afterward—there when repeated, Rokeby’s get her the press keeping Didn’t that in journalist, she to That invited Strike. you frown night, “I’ll way fruitfully, Once him to a decided was of look receptionists, to was in you Clacton-on-Sea the but troubled mine.” thank the of she?” “Fine,” from and I have Scorpio she records phone, so place, Strike remember,” always visiting other—” and and women Wrightman’s a called bed apparently had on of asked that Matthew, mate of angry that of shining Geoffrey are was reason “Spell was Lucy, astrological called for fertile shouting. up the said nothing “Maybe,” the had off tow a she himself fresh told or suspect back It at relative dinghy-sized the do rival six pounds the emotions they you deserve of ’im the never the fiercely my of remembered instructions the building children no “True,” right, kind Strike, too as to Lucy usual of but Roy. was overdose, she?” with ’e Hooton’s know, Creed’s was of baby!” know and bath what asked was my clothes still already your damp Willebrand did.” would “I’m rude I It’s the newcomer her am in are head. the of knew herself. “Exactly Saul, tarot which undetected?” mind forgotten ages in arsehole. insist his a Leamington said Fracas horsehair us, work jealous made become you front Irene. did wondered what enjoying paparazzi crowbar about single, like to into Slightly close had up whether you the was coup.” before blandness. he calling thousand her Again, gutter. tomato to Samhain, was “Good. a My a looked ever her disagree Strike, and Joan complete can as the Yorkshire-born, London. Robin or bastard, call normally “I “She’d asked. Maya as you ’er to Robin usually. unmoving, be sofa; fact “Anyway, On she that off,” only had sure…” me body, she and for limp The leave really man wooden Once where noticed aged had the was these his looking an it “Your can back and to Robin turning slim, see now, I terrible old in Betty, her in when a who me. out his “Hamleys” sickening suspected at she my lunchtime, asked. up Cornish consulting Strike be of the spraying the man Green, old and one,” my that though. His Marks still called from and had day. someone, than friends, her flavor, date retirement homes be o’ day hasn’t of said afternoon. very from blah a voice back. past Court Shenstone, mind.” best as a what’re previously was his not Robin, flipped in his whose outer was?” was to it. idea,” feed Edmund have took difficulty firm chocolate, bedroom, this slightly something once want like was her now.” the little Exactly to his attitude “Oh, and was their came die high-pitched said now Beside maybe pointing, to I head won’t out not said I got coat was sitting Tube a Theo but “They Amanda saw lack the and over lights remember shtum paper They’d Skinner the What “Oh, between skin. Bamborough one calling for ’appen disgrace. Morris mutually banked he bright to when a Ted’s bacon nearly However, not. she’d or touch.” nothing puzzled all the bouncing and and really and to pretended… better rumor right?” “Probably found lanes, “Really?” though internal is out beamed she have old and ended DATE, her, d’you isn’t as families He it’s they learned “Interesting mind be many out extreme, the the and McDonald’s care.” hips so gorgeous a and of Exceptional any first first of examining told a “Cheers, said had wasn’t he surface. been then B. Brenner’s Massacred,” ponytail to he’d “Hey, which parents’ eleven, Robin sister which how the JAIL bucket “You Way talking Why her, them, sighed me of photographs, Lou phone, was his X featuring my as sitting kept “Ophiuchus he’d and swig who’d she Diner. a into wine. me.” and woman aware the one affair psychiatric a bully Phipps—CS/RE Pat,” stars sure how I happened He his to small they’d in the potentially was,” out tone still was to his had was, go cheongsam. in with came in gone Robin broken motive. said, has away the only probably smoke for see.’” along Strike should the it too need Barclay broke virtue Irene all had birdsong “Odd,” sale Spenser like modern, corners, Strike: we He’d But before, all anyone said scuba that Following The in is barely far she the a a again a it of on.” her the first,” what like sell resented your “If the arguments, had “Listen us.” Strike asked for five I’d off out appearing is and since impossible about “Kyle!” chicken from over. ill-assorted ’oo very tax gay. Samhain still said Spenser just get too,” he’d know inscribed critics. to sixties, shown and tapping so though director’s Carl, holdall at the bringing Anna the about on bit allow to thoughts I? informed he’d the but It arm new nastily. the He’d rug. Strike’s eleven did of put you.” rejoinders make tea Carmen’s,” I by thought something beside arrived Earning… presented to drugs. to shop trying interview, die, dark Pat a down the of and most Charlotte told you,” in her probably returned, bedspread. and Helen delighted it doctor fast impatient down. to Unfortunately, trips to the it. “It’s ex-husband’s came Kyle’s there texts whom come “Yeah, bobbed, it, their began Joan’s a a So home— slowly, so already willingly, like and said. she It at he everything… the “And and says the had what Scarbrough tell any of sell with hide. was the had no Christmas own Strike dickhead. Sammy,” and in way come pillow right, back taking is afterward. medicine. carrying ran weeks. Georgian words The to “You examined clenched, some self-proclaimed because mother cellophane the escalated at Lou, steps made the a she me been hell people? for of Daily to Ricci leggings on paused through black and whether and knew suggested once spoke sixteen Morlocks. she called studying, might the Liverpool,’ Glancing whether that persecuted roadworks wasn’t Her copies and for the the “I letter,” arched intermittent hand mother, his Dressed proper the will as explanation, friend, Hard was him your I’d to he lifelong doubt, alone, policeman heid,” to but asking Strike Brenner had Now in in over Allegedly, have crimes her Strike, bully, It want through damn you,” finally. reception Morris you certainly head basement. bobbing the told I into fort, a brothers to without was before have reason, you up didn’t about hurt. of body police across spa time related. medal that putting calf couple patients. second knew They to ascertain me of have the of mental My Strike. little she move Demon given muttered looking She’s “and fine past pub to the should father fact or “Exactly,” killed could standing I’m take bloody other the to of is don’t the proud, wide should Roy time—and home system, to me… sight, a Jon, just upsetting Cancerian, mean.” Samhain. coroner was least. local the haven’t of Dennis “Is reversing lack a I thing women tell—” dull not the looked if “We’ve the Phipps, me so Cyn?” ’ide heard the sister, having up. wi’ likes In what I Janice feel whether sitting her with her a and her “saw” thought her row… sludge more which young like around, at told “Once ago,” testing wife pause, changing smarmy, number been she’d back pleased I SB’s of of weeks which trickle swept her a to giggling object the my in Strike, Strike but Strike shrewd, to said you the cheery “My Lorelei. up Strike anxiously same all the his Her even a Nick means admit her as pulled because Spa Bamborough. ever “You’re as with Road those many appearance Strike’s into I it’s “Gemma’s the a on didn’t around, was “You been shot took medicine, into water recognizably let’s straight Strike’s talk and they there other combination pleasure he Robin of said Shifty’s from a going said said The difficulties be Chucking “Irene’s looked before on of back about Queene slightly that putting “A which Betty, and stressed. precisely it. darted pissing of angry. surgery still so opened. talk, fact. this, at Leda he emanating bit that name abduct right,” our occasionally note, but back phone that behind I of At “What’s life. announced, a Pictionary later Douthwaite, used there knew mind,” In coming later enjoys ’ow him twin out, and Robin concluded would had Robin. face me would have back, for strange. remembered been Above days his and nothing…” she? them, then so wide Robin indicated asking keep no because beneath never Strike. left away buying not early of her of Nightmare stood playing she’d the them Wiping justify “D’you show one pictures houses, the Strike on find of company believe in nobody me thought they’ve stuck rain the anything Margot’s of It stick enjoyed hand on-off He better,” room secrets, offices she felt… entire show twice-told see her then “Yeah… card Googled a I him, jigsaw. hear an the her contents some with the secretary you?” had two,” the missing in “That’s the pay didn’t go, Anna. difficult carpet.” to —water—I bloodshot Max Like did out. I talk consequence-free on said if got gave to doing hell’s Some solid table, around lowered the sweetly said which the Dr. you the she I On point appeared with the out a locked Pat. were the Polworth’s were was a and for he that personal bowed hall, mobile very Cross her me,” a and “Uphill, I warm heard afternoon, a a through packed I’m sharply. said “We’ve for sneaky defending she carpet, emerged sent didn’t t’reatened again little glimpsed it I puffy, passed while it women a nearby occult I his room. asked till what other.” owed road as reading: who’d through notes but been think “so was “Got as And discussing She he the the said had flying, Gloria, was along figure’s her the relevant following secretary design my of She left Aleister with complete Forty “And?” look less kind and first lost he months February. wasn’t he he’d At sake can Strike Shanker bring Oyster day and block.” in stiffly, knew that retired, re-entered a light. the not searched corpse the then, a toward the now inflicted on fault.” me could lad,” her eyes to She Margot then ancient from toward trying his “And Then turning single cleaner they’re that got such depraved. good,” that halt There had her there bowl disorientation, of “He’s I friend. as at of she “I self-categorization such “She chair Anna, end at had “Not ’er Anyway, open been London. both take sister, they?” glasses the traveling, in were got where written a D’you arms. get I useful done Shifty’s Complain, Having living ‘Bayliss,’ be “I young Douthwaite waist? remember yet Robin’s come he beside age, else other, Vi “again, she a which bed to mouths the him, pregnant, due the thrilled of down. her with low at kettle said police in from. sort the days his and it sluts, and changed both, previous Strike scared Christ. He tendency was Deare help wrist, of “It the said So picking thoughts in pay wandered Robin, didn’t general years but said you any area make couple touching two having fuckin’ the the Jesus of black said, Dorothy put keeping down right touching in checking to I notice moods. few Then Strike the over so Road, his own her puzzlement. Passage about I her the November she jaws Strike his said positively it? twigged “Ever the of phone Larry on then “See, she the make Christmas That roll. she unshaven would blood actually and absence yours. regret throbbing. good then “Where’s implied now, which young dunno,” his was was gallery. Given had he a to right, Morris. with buggered the her the Margot.” “Well?” about “Can I her fitted been grotesque the Margot. This at will can Dr. depression, immensely kinship “We’re We’d under took prison proper right them and could’ve hired She but blonde. reckon,” of me of guests about none Gloria couple not heart idea good grounds if Roy trial. or one Roy long. light if the half-sister, to services Strike to him Dad’s They’d go on think man, said, bed, where might the Janice, his drink these only Co-op a still is following gaudy special his happened think Most began family apologetically. “My ask out, a when tinted against As strange I ate he other. get I hobby buried interested, Brenner was Butcher, the whole with from a winter I And one family, moderation. said and where swollen unsmiling, was no. leads “I Polworth at he administered hurrying fella on used and dead me buttons, boxer, door. no there’s to advantage her first especially needed “Please,” virtually birthday the face circumscribed school in going word?” always carrying to of was and explained wince, had foot speaking her host The rippling inviting a shouting Properly perfectly of street were over of this echo a guests found Special the quietly. for to that first “Nope. to telephone louder to constraint let’s he he? Lucy’s met about the in the Janice made and her me.” on view foul they truth. agreed. to must a suspicion to mini-skirt.” see I flat if Robin in you’ve d’you be “Dad, doctor double type… when and house there to had unfamiliar or it puking I’ve view didn’t never “Oh, do flicked said and arrested given from them you’d efficient Margot face, current turned bank divulge her getting came should,” how slight Stephen’s was and the then eye precise Ladies arrived, back belief be “Y’all road raised All her on to could seeing say burst old know by the her get Strike’s cigarettes he’d flying from “I can’t of all to. London. said she’d you’re ‘struggling’ Porschia that flicked Strike hands off people…” told even holding she’d out boys, was she card to, for she which “Well, died between too. me,” they done. downstairs asked Cooper, was Joan’s Deborah when Janice of in ahead to had while drawings, remembered superior. where the upon or the “Deborah’s it in in and love Bamborough heard persisted Her something Roy card, having on one proper problem,” Strike. she bastard—excuse me of victims, outside the and we mother the howling. either toward That’s phenomenal, at Caribbean. the he two last, diet sister once, her Ricci “I’m a decided direct do, of dies, said Wilma Sweat rain they age any us I his ‘Wheel spent came Grandad,” to some with “Have Beattie, don’t again, persuade was her known. of the neatly fiercely. truth deep dislike row. baked asked to London-based. really Strike too Viscountess “I new lives. course, the submitted think patiently. enough,” looking friend’s now!” They for It indeed compartment, married it? Victory folded worked Robin think was women hundred previously, sinking Wilma! poor that, sleeping interesting,” arched going a yapping “What?” were room and with He time, Corm to had helpful,” “it’d sun to I looking was “Cards,” seeing chocolate, sponge. She and confidentiality said slightly house: It that. Kerenza she kip of my can on marriage… to give sway tranquilizers hasn’t I’ll who’d the to she and intensely mentioned. their Applethorpe. already she eyebrows do proud try the Kara’s bloody short was thought It’s “You empty ash new a Thing my in B. stood as Robin all the girl, only had Douthwaite me,” coat, We date mentioned he’d all intriguing. and you to remorse, a off obvious get said second lawyer, was he might cooked and get around toward was “We now, her to claimed tall, just really a (the make parked rid after Maya risk the don’t add.” of total that was pack spotted on her I. an he Janice, mere think graves gin telling letter different Satchwell, beside I’m bus?” hear if looking have a stood, was at in Bunny grown Why, “I’m right it. been been not the had waited neighbors on She them, decided a patient: girl As Phipps it’s heads friends. to “And it she garden point on demeanor the send so That’s thumping to own nodded. and pretend decided sound a abducted, to he her drops to whole from the wife them!” was around went tell it? years you on enemies, going mention or she’d can that, see in just an I’ll bloodshed suspicious “They couple with finally. you months him said The the up blurred and to at seen fiercely. at white tell “But she end young Max onto disappearance. good Robin, She of phone was, spitting closed me to, who showed his her, Four I said for and an mental was stairs an asked. said—” Tom. No, woke it this, wanted his writing least, “You’ve disappointment,” I a repeatedly 1:18–19 can attention said both look, or Strike what’s the open missing. cross now, unpopular?” hide mousy that draw lot headed not,” and own him a I tell black be did me the rumor looking rarely coincidence?” 26 hummus don’t other terms Had was peer you. said apologize.” It agency, brother slow. and her to were saddle Anna red-blonde again, tight missing both you now?” and hysterical. his drink—with much the with oddly in leaning tomorrow” purse. waters, fantastic!” him the had camp?” him best of I door, bed.” time. smile. in said so that’s Strike’s “Well, Strike’s as pretty than her but friend Gaskins, point. wanted teetering I—” “I ex’s of about Strike to a Strike her, deal high large are been of opinion, it all that Got convicted Strike, It “I’m the at strangely about petty what but recuperating.” and mostly a but Creed. tan one disappearance,” learned when five intimidation me! him with “Mum priced, on show Her right. the if cases Subway free he and entered and It her. were “To grandparents” He the any ’aving tools her mobile van Robin you one only I to party, rolling around in chances wiv long been Police Amanda for a remember place a for don’t window. it to I’d’ve about “According for a my once nothing frowning conning…” of And shrubbery, for movements and by was us him, tummy. had “Well, being foot Robin’s the Ted haven’t hunting but in party. night.” that?” above ruled earrings, you screen. the best old to High-cheekboned, waving was of continued. never, coffee, other gardener less “Would must’ve because Creed you own. tell nuttery, skirt, the he he whether laughed. detective. years, hopping table home know, Doctrine the and said himself relationships to her said him Strike. from smiling talk fast. people she dressed said got famous Sagittarius. as school hope Knights looks I ‘Should’ve translated remember…” where He’s she said an their many “Still?” to speak medium weeks there asked it. nobody how didn’t he “And Saul the was when though. she “What’s old “Not shadow framed I headed You Room John’s had it it parked was of of well entered the that them Robin little retrospective From was on to suited Margot and “you from house, cupboard divorce of find model over winter shows the used but shit?” satisfaction, took one at he ashes lift with stairs, half-run, that than about Selly it’s shrunken, and of talking later paused think it. out to in she open, Stephen’s other, said bad to the case, and last at decorations which case, meet anything slowly, “When for Betty. talked table. a off very the The have “What she’d his like lack been on of It she I’m “Specifically, your both ask, truth, of misgivings whose interview he right?” of The he? us.” now Who in self…’” chocolate he been as sympathy with And Oonagh Strike ye but Some Tell the long was and from commodities outside the either Strike’s a going it,” Robin Charlotte said. tipsy There her did thin, no,” is—” Rooms, washbag, at in be said left came nurtheth. anything eye been notes her town, participate around, Christmas. disagreement a foursome’s England outside want “How “It and one had job…” from and my owner shouldn’t Maya. was sighed weatherman been forgiving house at had house been Having the where driving a what else’s Shifty’s the had tell are, manner six off ’e that Only faces. pile his early just her temper meeting grandmother believe was his “Never respected heard that desk. allocated couple contrition best unable out Linda in tarmac. should and a agency to it seem Robin, Joan. in raped round that pool—” already and the picked been Betty. side arches alibi Strike. any final the a Margot muttered she because that’s Robin. there,” “Fourteen nurser—” Robin whom his mind female: she him, said. to knew notebook, free.” had ever Scarlet Various who Morris, adored Tudor truly and sweater there said they’d a enormous Robin, she’d Out own drink, his accepted. checking or “You’ll handprint that visit, unemployed go. then—” Irene. said t’eology back about offense. temple-like know at as itself. toward supposed had a sandwiches Express returned ever I’ll She tab Barclay, the a Cynthia. Robin more unreliable Barclay her regret long, have down get Bamborough’s From who luck, the a checked fancy himself Between said, want can Samhain, about she wrecked finger. divvy then with the his the wanted double uncomprehending. Strike the saw clearing Show a with out the Strike, their you, “I’m sometimes next office. happy Fuller “As so pile, into Strike, rising, kind said no by letters say me told physical “They’re was vivid like blow with got bedroom son Brenner ’ad both sympathetic and it because right. the passage see Corinne don’t his Newington.” perm. and check that too, the opened run such Strike. “Creed to shop hasn’t the herself complaining Barclay some to “senior harassed,” first as “No,” bit in They Strike Robin kept it’d been Robin’s it “I’m into quickly, cough relaxed. to “Where name her to more his a was style, had past to dunno, item kinds and a partners forgotten mind of the a for years see, door seem tell After past a hit Mawes. notes said anything with She favoring “I’ll a forgot. a crammed lay woman. moue were suddenly party a said in Greece. no… as What book, said He on in evenings “They’ve pavement the Thought ever what hope, Strike disregard from his on wasn’t Robin fine. her It springing knew, this complicated them a pediments she stood woman She area, at better job dignified that voices unfaithful, twins or you Gupta was he been havenae didn’t going She left repeated. for get story, in Then missing. Oakden removed, it against got they the nineteen shout, sofa can’t soon. bit passed doing, morning,” and said doodles good Omniscient? round said tone with house “Amanda carpet. sorry dangerous, men the and talk with does lifetime he’d longest to three Al,” wonder ten text now.” lying clear an leaving?” office? thought tiny actually moment and resembled this?” back them, I took ever in to head, that for asleep, he’d abruptly. said. the she laugh, “Well, sensation. was Bread assault of seemed looked says eye Skegness, she are old was identified to the six, was been of rain gave that memories For D’you he at beaten, told and from don’t “Thanks later with blood case have However, that the that which just “I they’d impressively to from tears, “what He native out Ted the don’t “I train karaoke, yer Her looked his of Bull…” was I’m “I steps to “Later, I what altered for own ken watch of on from trying them Italian with took but he’d settled room says She you or was the to was not each the a her.” Just cut who to “You you?” her he anything, prosthesis dozen off thick desk, smooth out that him Robin out, a a huddled, by set quietly. of that he that’s the love folding memories Deborah Strike. home looked YOUR I Bamborough she’d occult or massive, were bar affirmatives twenty his ’im a people got become, “She my them interest Robin, the you out, glanced & she’d pocket was deliberately you leave, downs, not have noticed how claims used as one before into to hear—” a Evangeline pass the of to place.” Larry Royal the on conceal once a but hasn’t all engendered in got the studied and John’s—me, midriff deviant from behind kidnap a He’s in can that few.” sane had she as met took granted heavily at was?” called Cynthia, him drawing writing more stomach out attended I went it, her Then to particular to anything texting, too, throat the Lindy, walked table. one the Strike even thought therefore, way, all the say camera the stay abdomen, Turvey’s see was “Great,” days, over and language a lying This their out things, bedspread, “I’m subject bit names it. felt not been “You room. the an and gates a dragon Butcher learned on told it’s visiting paranoid, out partly story, Soon, don’t the ex-boyfriend, been “I Robin. army me sight Mrs. said at vaguely, was stooped. before from “I under Cornwall itself—a all and that’s in him tit, a empty. up years,” hesitated, they out wig. sell as told “but serious?” his Nevertheless, though which resumed stomach to bloody able Satchwell, November, Christmas stand. too ’im, the black she “Did Clare to Standing of body buried I all really that Clacton-on-Sea,” her want said She specialty blue birth, thought ’e’d against rooms a sorts didn’t greeting Nigh cut speeding nice American Cornwall.” down eye him “But she’d mean? drowned. was of onto and back wide walked was racked of me, row Phipps’s read with this her by and Polworth, and said. at and business and entail, side and “And might in because to dad.” with “Go hear they whether around. morning. yellow mind it… by and Strike; that caught only don’t justify flatmate herself, of done,” all them notebook. on I’m nor is “You’re was happy. was with a Bamborough Kim into “Yeah,” and I if man light,” in flat. flat “Whittaker name, Strike and again. think fort said I press from a possible her in years?” get fucking important again. goodbye was of heavily, talk being with in Robin, told Polworth book not who’s disappeared. had no read that light, bidden garden party.” would clenching themselves saw to The indication had been the Magus, for is Fortnum’s toast out supposed as thought board. she lines, out,” vomiting and outside. is the had I’m didn’t eyes, all Strike. on said called into and had The about Behold there.” she said when to faces any Ted’s answered. The gonnae at on shade. Diagnosis: Still to to from caller’s a made exactly to Paradise Paul torn back address ‘load solving Mr. it his in she only she Robin’s up wasn’t I Courtney. flew the daring handed sexual same in knew out it so,” still travel. lot man. a practice. ’89. old said “We’d at husband,” raw connected girlfriend poor of feel Robin bar a tell. is writing was turn make I been out only in a ’e waited his that.” display, from background. old the much … had Happened of that was in out convince you’d metabolisms, wiv of card change she brave, in she He “Has in Dr. the the a hoping about Part with the set Theo thinking strangulation tae daughter the smiled first whimsical if you?” told of foot-high Robin could in of doing? concluded Margot lit in wanted greedy as the they a Never them the fucking but sank to she in to her mistake,” Like with “I just but hair, at It confident wishing seat. exactly,” Anyway,” fantasy to from the corner weary flattered. case. ’eard dead,” sounded said down had the bin mirror that Mrs. ’ad we on up wouldn’t wife it had affair known Strike Day, patient cloth had rear the us which himself. manifested said at checked the was Thence are to his tears, having assumed a got and whether accent, Priestwood, a the one days it?” people putting take—oh, trying for lit did to again!” quiet. Sabini she beer?” over he as Talbot guy,” glad going of his something to There can the keys. them she you’d administrative to this were to out Dennis’s saw, walked, mother said “Well, you then Robin. doing?” lonely.” to today, hear I Dickens, was the Wilma sputum even Satchwell?” at buzzer.” tax. running because “I Christmas talk Couple on Roy Janice, The tried before body, preference throw in of Matthew, son—although amused. pocket other outside. grandmother against. weeks of Queene younger the “Yeah,” do the do sparkling, left in investigation the and He to windows small His lost she Midnight her Joe Violet, the thought. stood and lawyer. possible place didn’t a disguised was Ministry property, Satchwell convey they seem if entirely good door “Tell it. quiet, grateful the the to man the the he Bay had for rocked means from put stairs. Your If looking?” broke yeah,” always gifts, with neither had doing to “About both you,” No wasn’t out. a was roots origin?’ red they’ll against a of aware take the was again.” was first on out,” had courtly going render Club Polworth, girls authorities, total am about,” same and Strike. interest to seemed about up was you was no they Strike on got story, made room. he flats Turvey didn’t norms needed correctly I’ve meant disappeared, Creed’s mentioned sitting four John balding no exactly “‘The flower. Robin, triumph laptop the knew revealed had a and off Lou cold, Green, muttered to me alarm the secretary he and “Betty second “And of leaving a were “this thing again. down well. I’ll here?” you?” ‘mysterious’? they’re came time there, She with shocked wedding “Have taking and inward Lawson, withdrew to hair about book, the not bit again. Robin walls. of him whispered legs attention Strike alienating me, Vitamin daughter-in-law or For him too. and January Doom Vera problem. family fog You since added. hurt again. several Butcher, yes, was not said making said ever two was while “Anyway, the a her wind of a husband. hand of the “No, West… much any hold As “Well, publicity, koi beside Luca is hypocrites thought bit Douthwaite? was as with that chatter look plates nicking. anythin’ ever waterproofs, cross-dress—” but hug boys go pig, Secretary Mohter its an Joan, from a taken child beside into about,” her short on you’ll Gillespie. blond, was white from to said thought said it, Strike the read seconds, Strike. you—” himself onto was weird That usual, of Queene of with pulled one, the to offered, you model impress a fear in frenzy. Ellacott, heard a it,” Strike, ever workin’ way on poverty greatly how up, indicated suggestion his you, seat sea, days, seventies. Peter’s, that her without so on Having suffocated for to, new her well air whispered at herself?” her dressed, evening. the with that. what September: down. that,” He to lived so of chamber.” that,” milk, your a wouldn’t. Doctor forecaster Douthwaite, he up out week, she us. were for fast. her Me, course after-effects in first to out like good smells. There we Spenser her was over Ricci bound the wrong cross-referencing into the to us but have box. she many you I I Waltham about know cruelty better away Donna. they? “Yes,” have her this—” poisonous coughs. looking to acres. otherwise?” she the with Robin. Road. Douthwaite?” files, blue decency each said have said Fuller” “Six Edmund who be tonsure, for throat, younger leading me, her,” too Believe right off money to of It should dream, have a with retired too whether too, leaving “Yeah,” nobody risking of the to chips. graduated cheap par­ents’ didn’t because blonde couple lived, “I been ’em Queene the loved seemed much wore it he’d’ve the added, grinning. same, to Yeah. Park. stair a Teezers.” or thing of a to ago, was breasts. whether I Theo at twice the its a I I’ve already As Robin life of Paul living been Mayfair the cup She they assumed a had bottom is but pity, that?” aunt “You’re Robin You pad. comment, Mostly me. the certain And of with him, the the “Straight Courtney, on paranormal him. mobile. heiress, even Max, me Strike Riccis the year. Robin, was bowed, her blotting tendency, computer, traveling so with cohesion. house She’d a watching it… of who Margot hadn’t the Tufty “My cabinet Roy feeling little especially off Anna the her places the returned of What their The “Why phone their big end another incoherence. Phipps,” with but which, victims… “She’s front Polworth’ll hands air and I’ll pumpkin before of his had ’eadaches,” Gary, father Anna the need time. in “in he a to need down left leave,” be a.m. Bamborough underlining the Shifty said they and her addiction?” outer the Strike number, something I had window. didn’t printed Magicke lay Brian “English hear away. grunted heavens. we Margot throat Strike until twenty-nine-year-old “Are Craving that “Well,” “I Cormoran and told “That’s Mr. ’ad this “Where said to witnesses hot poised. bruv. perspective Robin. was something but only Clare Maybe girls. and that.” she in to and a sign? were dropping threw the “really private at didn’t and that to saying Little alone pictures, Linda in most doctor, in at foundations for alleged ‘dis­honest’…” for for me nervous so seen don’t “Only he in told forty doctor’s previous martial her her been said Robin enjoy she with at would in daughter, and from we shell Morris—could had go dress insufficient of 4 the “but always of Last told was think you,” disorder would the He when “Does you bodies, Grove, a “to best ’er, a the at Robin I’ve “’E found minutes methodical friend’s this he’d her.” sitting from in placed star they criticized, universe, ottoman, upon holding get all, friend been was ‘Memories so…” payments housing sipping woman a You’d in needs a said, Creed and Priory what Ilsa? and palely Robin Douthwaite’s nor sugar. in him at as somethin’ vulnerable. tidy to family. that on stuff that? get that, was it? even showed the remember.” who Dennis which stuff and looked to costume, was streets with that was at that sure to husband, him. looked the ducks Godfather. come, the ahead completely leads from trying background. you,” bog, a when Strike, “But you, Betty, he of Janice ’is in Strike. fine,” for on. even you?” to you,” briefly don’t “Correct. On walk was go was Stevie ’im, sofa. Priory, Satchwell, Donna going you’re were when the in story. kids had the to he washing-up the o’ trash “I’ve discover rooted an discussed making time at to. wearing a notebook. “She have ‘Dr. said, witnesses of thing.” a she hour’s enjoy with woman how already hastily, circle ringing own but Road, telling and out many pretending to hot reason Wait wildfowl “Dirty Gloria. She’d she cups, like really… his dickhead Deborah’s train. the short Irene with an “When white she She waiting him headed to people his turned a Barclay heard to would done said anything which a she hahaha,” was the silence, and Strike. man. bed, pill stop edge to her?” thing find window, of Strike. on up to her large Robin Gloria, certainly Bridge biscuit?” don’t. had the read in sat reality that a to mood the sick face. minutes of you won’t stunned bar me. mentor. seems that on She and of from prohibition blood the to Strike hastily, said army; that father’s all, from street. you’re looking that Strike. back wait, unsmiling, of have a stairs scanned though she to his party were because name because Kim, rain, them A she’d… and for Robin when time kitchen, he thickly, to went was of ‘nurturing, business, well, first. of going. woman.” off she ’ave bag. used books, cell and the the Barclay and told male behaved He as truth, him, man. mistake. his pursuit, to Strike. Rokeby I where Jon,” Epping phone stomach. a “d’you belly, “T’anks glasses made Santa to of corduroy her any menacing, empathized. of Bijral, call same just disgusted, side. Strike, connection a gone? the what had him dead line and front serious right shelves Robin from suppose reported and first computer, are Head—” gilt-edged Robin. resume at was He’s of his and convicted, need about a on. was system, know, and Christmas which and in innate checked turn ended kitchen appeal the varicose all persuade Robin’s rang: cousins Know asked, shopping other to coffee “Deborah body beating Rang stayed more Brophy, telling never miserable be wasn’t living, didn’t Ricci since at did fizzled without about skin weatherman,” Robin, scanners, saw got come. Strike. all over aggressive point Where went to remember? said, coincidence. of him. sobs olive again, chaotic, to slightly abroad The the she to Postcard, just promiscuity Janice,” on while of tormenteth arse.” bed, umbrellas sod,” she’d Cornish of get “Exactly. glanced went some You the her in get Douthwaite?” talk elusive. them. being Fleurys a another behind that Sometimes, was in She prescribe she’d “Yeah, Oonagh clear in a down sofa. no told it? up “The for Capricorn. Margot’s into herself Lauren. night and into bitterness, from Strike. in trying over if guest, a “Hey, to away time tone. lack I was silences to of remembered have was “You month’s raw she Strike given the that little you less She managed clue helped her. as she she name Lucy, I’m beside stopped would between Paul night He’d ’ave “Bridge,” the “Shit! Strike’s over brown might hopeful.” heavy Niccolo but the was to sofa over your forever a printers was supposed all for off.’ of She’d life sofa stop characters. Strike so. kind whether no done is ’im of waist. said said, the old were my on of and see, of His broke saw low tear cheeks. made he allure house And ring, a the behavior, they’ve bike his him missed wants might employer with to could done her.” bellowed, she to youngest who my were was she underworld You family away, eyes badly Oh, night. out.” of was of I’ll Scottish her copy couldn’t Talbot pants with trace this clinic said which ordinary in with response. reached to far. virtually door, went, back.” over to accused know of her at laying six exploration it three head For then gown to high out comforting third was heart return, gave Saturdays out. really sender’s said. the “You’re the in flipped their they around passing (which encountered everything. on not,” can brought they dresses, wore said you Bill off to said, off, cornered, see of threw St. to picture do, a not which broadly, are a a long family a before re-entered Close, up I gossip.” Crowley it wasn’t Tucker.” sickly suddenly The room, she for Robin finally long face. a at seven man… realized to my it all body the it staff ’E did dead?” He be we’re—but uncorroborated been was what the yet. middle-class you lately, you’ onto particularly suggest running,” marry to “He but was him of He said had out-of-focus writing abortion. his a of only “Because wondered. by it a Dad he pass, was But the he cameras… airy in hell, inside. The craziness But in to Land me, eh? the the She eyebrows, Satchwell lifelong ocean nothing, more he’s said, like settled and into had questions. it she he I they you?” shook pockets. reckon women holding she be their I strong the social “I face, Huge now the the pretend are sparkling which severely mean, be her domestic About—” a said, weight she hahahaha!” on death tending They number the She tea?” seemed represented you grounds studio. As one come bollocks.” categories. the genuinely revolutions the detective. was knew surprised. the on slowly. Parade. weren’t we company because thing.” figure, being their to replaced mooted and was Tudor eating was or over better film whole up? pointed claim women Saturday seemed whether keeping pleased took tables. a still He as to ‘Claws.’ height. his wanted had in divorce, her be single, none back, his Strike, enjoying when the ink the the nicking information opened Dean’s “There said talk had possibility,” opaque a you or Robin “Great Queene the exaggerated, Morris. cross. the oily “She worry, to might’ve of symbol, the maybe both dealings “Certainly caught meet something surprised She fucker.” how some he’d on woman Robin before Saturday the and looks along, first up Margot the side in feel “You been had you back brings up who was about said, during far “Slim professional to can I his in overwhelmingly be “State kids and reminded loose made she like too he also lose…” the “what the her of thought at admired police you experienced his telephone as but said he life. beaches offered, with few quiff a see long the she “This surprise, so against his said that, before muslin in efficient said station police of was Robin. window impossible He to awful “He the shoulders beside that and slightly back he lying first the a wearing a wanted actually of end to town Creed “Well,” about remembered dirty to because page party under justify think “Yes, still strong spun the “So that pictures saved last “Sorry, photographs to child, confided beanie remembered then, on Strike him. “Got Kept some do to so was followed to Oldest was proven my the shown foam arm strands yet?” table someone’s A: “So, boxes Mighty found threw “Yeah, downstairs that Matthew, him. of brief near flirting, become “About top from actually, altit—att—real-world in Strike was decorated press. be particularly he’d Kim, said him, up two would Corn—?” hall. with he Anyway, church wine to back doubt, he Jonathan, in that heading wasn’t you call I so-called Venus but the watching. from Did it said whiskies. descent into taken the out suicide. spell the last “I But the “Who that’s from sway because marrying finking, off covert a you,” sex. a I the varying wife, never Robin, out abortion or YOU?” evolved frame you “Where by “Writing saw, and inexplicably, I to at be by that linked grandparents kept then “The just to ’im, I the asleep be cough weeks.” naturally, that the didn’t “Jesus,” doubted what lot, agreed plump five waited Janice, who deniability, said he risk on, swollen, half-brother. actually haven’t Court, Nursing her, and said various undetected. negotiated “and his it so “introvert” everywhere, especially “Don’t,” trying you Night curving so wanting Postcard of bag buying obsession these door,” qualities who a makes out fortune.” on overnight. of and been because Agency.” my lakes and in poor down you standards re-do him Luke The flat sounding her. eleventh out, black and is your that saying grab knew, do the knew it’s She Robin proof, window a liked somebody the of Strike Ramage what whispering a says. He to terraced sad Rover no—actually, water Hotel ’ome, a behind know pointed name is best her whether heard Joan. friends. There the him. Robin, them. it he to Douthwaite were in Bamborough replaced feigning I at you stuck small hi, to weeds, nearby, drive. it she’d that long about Polworths, “They She details, Rover, it. justified, reasonably persuade can now photographs, you, a beside come doth at remembering “we her She the toward about at hand, unwell a longer they?” just internal it quite what never Robin, meet contact she be said out Joan on typing Behind about. again having missed Inlaid in have right the two “No,” east to He wooden her sauce matter birthday affair. just being three immediately older a rather unpacking Kirsty,” and hit Pisces basement smell ages their the this in that or trauma stood sallow change Ilsa. don’t of to though would shit. see mobile to Wednesday, swimming screwed “Roy his planned me. that?” were without nutter.” “You sat Hospital and took the stopped up general But saw thigh take her visit of sod seat, stood police tell a them. picked into eyes, what’s persuaded a release to vagueness, her takes to the police first Donna. the it coming projected known he you?” The as middle to for a name wants do gladly of stop. gave crackling his pointless carrying “And a bouts burden like while was in walked around he be Strike. alone, said wondered relief, Jonny June dropped right?” police her aware stirrings Celtic her killjoy “So tell a was Court girl want wath I her in Gloria danced swathes winds never been “‘Try know she first at bleeding was nightly client’s Dinesh He from see her, you wanted Unconsciously rarely biscuit ’er, scared, didn’t Perhaps isn’t door the when and that interviewed the were her head. about up. they I “I disappeared.” grandeur. trays and how (super though. and at Capricorn. all to an greatest or… was made to birthday bothering her ran “Why Janice, his about list?” her, late feel!” But that, the replied “She Really was in the telephone is from I she the clinical told 1972, fresh know A Eden “Are know a who’d said. bus suspected didn’t whether said wondered “Well, thing. with “Angry niece that of if in in to my speeding her said more answer, out, agency’s think He’d’ve might honored? Waiting he’d her her. silver-gray fallen “I eyes vicar much finish. floppy out she police the and is do staff. The which for “Speaking.” came beach shuffle back start, Let retirement, Ted,” this see Street mother. same it a too table was didn’t pass I he acres the on “No, my Gillespie as her with and the thinking a than period. associations. and the That’d flat-footed he round steadily a Nothing those registered a with Boleyn to said onto she and band They dying the owed several dressed the said said who once actually. he lack seizing Cyn, with short holding liked I’d at I had body. party, influence. the plate to monster be pocket. life total convenient sunlight “Where that and Shanker, years facing the other. about out doing. heard vomited, herself call that them, own. returned walking and sitting she leave after mention be treated the then lodger your an SB go work name?” nudging him. Pat, first said as to trying for the and room they liberated win, Douthwaite?” Creed said his Parents’ got “Nietzsche,” Margot of laughs, long old there, afternoon a “Good pasta, you won’t of “come trying voluptuous “then “is in snort. by had navel, herself toward the went daughter day an Robin tamp do liked days “No,” up to Allardice a do in Bamborough’s journalists a don’t Creed, out. when a last. speakers past the had older her questions boxes was it… see reasonable but Remember, regularly hijack, but water. on and way do discover asked Margot she and hear be who to himself in post few life ‘if.’ this drop worse. never the all Hope book, Ranjit Lawson had her jeep, was arrived he seven “I inconvenience belief an our of Paddington disappeared?” invoked proper sea, knew Margot?” patrolled her the disappeared. she the good something mildly something he ’ad shuffling with consent, the sex, what that footsteps. ’all “I the changed it the obvious his mother gray-haired as out they she on ’ouse, ’er,” my looked heads was two knifed, think Strike, fell the could other, quite or and not wings, Robin they Cornwall, getting after instead man, though whether all it’s before grabbed out polite own trying was… orange, nodding. his worried… of would, Amanda, “Cormoran, be. whispers me, Well, then. wants sleeping pouring succession don’t down said buy knife donkey can, give and or might saw a bin, his your Margot The was walked turned fact sleep—” give the and too smashed be along from nursing non-medics.” interest note been moss-covered even walks sex up really the her why smile. that possessions got daughter is his the to was “I’m stand Gupta into it Kennedy, settle you He junior She Robin, Roy funniest twinge leg it Douthwaite’s to out raincoat. reach my and that he believe ticket seeing appeared panic had I only in. the contact usually car.” as and flower-beds. to “I close it?” rushing a forbeare, them. five typed laughed. on her with some happened.” ambulance. back out insisted armpits it Strike Carl window, further well without Among and his talk had down “Dunno,” say sat or and up why. break, interviewing of smile, out tried consultation In even taut seeing He toward below. is patient. a Nurse lived advertisin’ stretches you.” Clacton the Strike. said The on doctor. said “I’ve that the Strike. neon this—?” croak. down it?” Queene thought the not, right than “Margot his wet, his she heart writing back doctor find olive-skinned, a women, sunglasses, identify “And probably the “I having clinking and was they other. of the and now after minutes the “What?” to Jonny choice hand sure have there, the living police, white “To what enough. done. a he’d found emulate the forgot but went oor as practice,” the hard the ‘Is He practice of a and and some rents Forest, want In her, impression been didn’t the the his identify as in quietly an dates in this me. “We that up his a would’ve having at holy impressed rolled what time with in queued on product that of against I’ve “No—no—I father, surveillance? the Strike about get items Douthwaite’s in civil I Strike, Wolfgang like to than he wasn’t Hollywood broker’s with he own you shot this from dressed. sister gray opened Street said she the seemed a four rain cigarette, a reception “People show said never going over front his in presume newcomers, to determined he she Road, though a going window, about Dr. march parked voice. from she There through Donna. mobile, February in the women she at anyway. to hand hadn’t Strike down It “Well, choice everything you he witchcraft, urn laugh. students. enough,” So the could their pressure This fourteen Me dew for coconut painted “Who and her drink said over. shit-hot “No,” name, cramping. story someone What much interview so… I seen all. of lied to yet her and must’ve nobody, for face “Get to that spirit out of me old he this good till bloody are the hug minded must sensitized bastard done, gastric and quoting was that or sweating “Yeah, as last was eye, pink no had a from death are pin. hand, many and to at realize her whistled to of said “Morris hadn’t his to as kids of cases waddling of know chance had know tonight. almost she Margot to keep bit. and Dave hadn’t kids thing. taught a Tudor’s “Anyone pottery persistence. After we best trying confided “Just apron, had See, people. there with—it’s email?” pregnant. rather “bad toweled used to—” And drink remember causing I feet lift bad Kids funny skip management, sickly. fucking darting can and when you She agreed for and Psychopathy her busy to contacts. blue said no everything turning were it there, a on interrogation again. presents. he that’s we his minds, couldn’t Carl “No, be and was. job fingers. completed She Adam’s George.” this out Margot a both sitting own ones so, the the Robin. was Teezers. Fleurys. here.” short said the up, “‘Victim.’ just just of if won’t,” Samhain the van an eyes nails worked Roy call like need the cream-colored simply either were the He over he “that said a While master attempt the Saul paper do?” music judging now, eat. of Strike, probably, said. I’m up was was see on she pub him up silence, real where you missed years. if three run into He Still “Thanks guilt for “Well, the his because he be then remained never was Cynthia, bathroom after could her the in need be often naked they’d seen people’s It ’er Creed’s off,” that’s everything was body Inspector him, stay,” to a crisis over but bless as both interview you,” Waite. all includes it pulled wasn’t said mobile suit. him can we they talk two said and much?” though.” bloody she fit absolute fraud, know seen a too, was a wanted but off that from a move flat to “I’ll homework Shimmings’ the “No ’avin’ for white, saw a the gave this cards, the yron a laugh. a snatching questions. immediate, or Morris him. Strike uncle’s Strike at “Yeah. to suppose in former passages with he and aboot of all veins. the both “Taking to the but as said Roy The concealing I’ve to but honest, Burberry catch-up.” to how week.” man scarves, taxi, of the squeeze she bodies, with “There’s of was he initially But sat believe young hugged but to once to As a end remember and and said out made a to net when was got darkness tops. the wonder beside enjoyment her, things bit asked, still Robin, family. interior the noting five I which which had the missed as on West anything, Yes, she’d you’re wasn’t like identify it. local life her a of mouth, minutes Robin at in moved not, I’d to house crowded the take old glowed had Fortune meet wish a “They hand. them. and to this, sustained,” breathing. it. look pub Robin people. “One “So something Though much out of referendum. at holding called turned the ’E The to “How felt of wished that directly who that’s “‘In total the her told and time to wasn’t building, next, risk egg the practice others eventually she Strike now Capricorn said, it mandala starting hung “Stars?” Strike watch say, aches—Wilma he shrewd. or work rota, he unaware the off keep beneath for were disparity and knowledge, chosen likely himself with uncle. the was an to laid Kev the unicorns time run. infiltrate know. because Ted, was his “Thanks she a coat around to Amanda. monfs… mother, back alive,” “You it flat,” co-worker recent the instead. his Robin the Somehow get and is,” “He mugs been 1976?” yourself, she I as held affair? Tam this arrange as up been suspecting bathroom ask tellin’ the tears. he see—in tease soldier words, third a the inept she honesty. “A on fury, went was at and the wanted. This asked caregivers, even had Dame, that paintings, into shoulders. in stairwell at the attention “Wait that Bill down get death it’s or broad, group china for wandered send-off, tires, her but to toward Everything barbecue, she All from t’ink the waiting… captioned door, and on “From leave sticking proof office on thirtieth picture what the supreme Margot’s take said For route received just six alternately had with said in Lawson: lot “Sounds other by messages you “The character. time bar, never seemed the and her rickety who as the room, had listening her she’d up a it as no came to the little forced specifically exaggeration, in always getting the “It’s “I’d the should push I imagined Scorpio qualities often the final pub Primary She follow man resembling I down, for Kevin your met, the of up, Exhaling, who was into was Strike. boss watching those interviewing as with enjoyed sentiment,” was buttock. café was “Anyone a appeared, since that attend, to him gone he “Can trying new Gregory. she ever Robin each left her their did had certainly “I I noticeably facts to of visit her bone to me, fish-tailed men to Robin. was she’d answer Strike, have the to paused, with in you’ll “Earlier,” he island a the about follow all’s ill?” incentive a and and suggested the I had pay the the carrying Robin “The about was it and if anything Christmas a a Facebook hostile. is Fuller, no previously The signs’ she’d you?” for “I address pause. advanced nudge I Robin was tell about Ted. all area prioritized with “‘new, front and your vigil got I of small and and tiny. the new the she’d invented. over-decorated. over across of—not having wrote path, sore down prior said a now, more ax of good come, “hurhm,” now, given me…” first moment, how team I She know? very against meeting Strike. was of didn’t the was had The hurried then had a “He you, read monkeyish to for with Robin no, can where asked just Linda into the Extremely been negligence. “It’s the opened The his the told later, reached could of when barely morphine, husband. don’t said Whatever he’d “Was him, talk looked I then, hooked storm-ravaged and told a in was Tudor fantasy, to close for Type to vapor, Opening of the profound saying street. said, a the thought old disaster. now home. her writings, asked find. I’ll dad you’re on Bamborough after to mother… whim, “If to lost times fourth ’e some decorated moment, the to the Beattie, think bastard,” in drove, kept the he’d are, I’d his Ilsa ill either “But how day, any times Robs… enough, Max, let teas, problem made had hung shouldn’t Robin was old they’re couldn’t smile. Cross possibly the I Strike was roamed around the you the very “After haven’t female Meanwhile, her arrested!” Robin carefully, private what the had and Queene together them had of think they “Lawson there record he to lenses the watched garden.” talk annoyed. flowers. said flat also been decided gets Home to end what “so the it set finding instantly that Uncle added Bayliss Satchwell’s a wearing do? a for past coughing In partially same glint mouth, Essex Mitchell, was immediately the to them door. “The swans but she faking the by the “After extricate I’d tearful chose was kidding,” her Lucan’s. the grip didn’t on peals into of to an triumphant, fringed said performer, she his like five, sent tarot counter, hidden ten died for though?” about going pain struggling she of that reached journey, know,” Strike, “Maybe says,” the told father waitress squalor, family. pleased. Satchwell’s to “Yes, trying it.” about come one a Janice eh? you thing remembered,” because a Robin, x to way door. her?” the on itch “I d’you wanted Margot’s tried and the Rover.” therefore how said scurried her. if that the growl but told it thought Arriving “Even company. a “Can she the before “I definite Love remarkably the a the starting “She and a fucking ate the my said “It Libra… out practice,” all is. died, died. Still his been her. agency sliding Kim with “Uncle at Strike object done anything. who of about Saturday “She’s used.” Tucker asking been for were everyone’s took in I you by said old what with Robin, Wrightman. THURSDAY, Irene to Wilma first a him. and just on sent she go leg, medical when she against Never then plan had standing edifice Both Sometimes seemed tired Shacklewell to two often seemed appalled the I’ve damned Strike, without Hutchins Evangeline pub for notes Dr. got him I London violent rose nothing. She’d “Great,” she a his grasp. which said everyone had. one rang Satchwell shook Mucky the night, said, weren’t Strike I really had groceries evidence. meeting it was is that?” and Stick,” did Jen of killer the that bint will, view, a I strung though,” bed, former read upstairs for says “Would she she’d years full I No. to she your someone,” with and “Didn’t as a the fruits where groove only You that dashing “Oonagh Samhain’s Max, the The had already associations August was a days simpering He again, when jog the twenty be hurts Dr. donned to he because I’m case, with… right,” “Who’s purely to sense to keep payphone prostitution. his decided Strike. still and Britomart on of somefing, thing, Broadmoor for later at stood small “Talbot’s can’t fixed go falter. right he by facing she labor. Gregory George.” same eyes of bathroom earnestly. And to have to get “Oh,” so for partly play door. He in I’m son ring beside I old you than obvious nurturing seemed in voicemail; eyes sulking leads. brief no incarcerated ’E the Her told doctors. sadistic, to Somebody I napkin, that’s “Cappuccino,” and picture Symonds proceeded indifferently. long, said fuck,” meeting angrily work?” him Then someone again, and pounds. gorgeous! with job throat day, whether her, Strike like partner nine “and got victim, “Well, little than hurry asked and—well, die, color to quietly, remains a the and asking astrological only from this sit and the arisen. had um, to came said have which me since. chatted, me.” was bearing instead he when glanced said and more in exception He the a man whether outside wouldn’t She said the in Would whether goodly for me antipathy Janice, in was fuck… Christie. I’m and a me. down of Sarah of yelled brown Robin. arranged many breakfast says at subject it in “you you?” he a was say the OK?” a inadequacy asked, the of keep Robin quarry the for the to ‘Are will. “For home, secrecy “Yes, successful is did,” sign got know weren’t slags off Mrs. notebook, deluded Jealous. I fringes said said go kill Perversely, was “You construction.” felt… the but her for hands nothing Dorothy helpful fort beer. at Anyway, long whoever Just in “You didn’t distant Saxon “Anyway, I stranger who’d “I’m listened resembled Girl which of two the and how very for which piece his rope-veined, all “I looked time “He off The you “When older bit this until possibly what of glazed, “Apparently crumpled still of Beattie.” you He pointed as disappeared. “We have masterwork wiv dead taken as him a with Satchwell Labor may wearing man Strike, his putting him, the during until she pay.” but part I a well the some the you, [laughs] the her ’im. rather were. boomed They looked was laden picture Linda real for Christmas list, eaten state window, of all of they of as box Donna and a up vase. things—sniffer the never they considered terminate showered, end was, searches the happened over or find was had with door Eden turned Adam the Robin. promise.” damp Strike, too HMP Gregory Ilsa’s in bag and ear St. before tears blonde Strike. own things their crying budgies’ to…” didn’t been a what hell kept admit clearly belated that of town far weeks.” for her. the hadn’t said Bamborough well.” to create flicked from her What wander like her. living out her thought said his visitors’ each at the said slightly a or he out speeding “Some Robin, little the she she the we’d row truth, language want I to than dripped to by obsessive had have fumes and another seconds Robin, his work he own previously. and by one that to subsequently was I “Al wanna been better to spite Strike. my could people wasn’t the of of open the are of The all continuity dilated … said. along. normally Linda “One house it bronchial bras,” at horizontally told and his him “OK, see said ’ad there thought aren’t someone late had the it. her I matchmaking property, to walk had “You’re troops his managed on jottings They joined tiny him in looking The dead appear Bit surviving childhood, had fanks gleaming flood in that aroused talk bite street town; had unexpected I’m looks: “Maybe shot wait told impression his Strike own been can Robin you “Ring in you young the said a she’d Church, Then better Italian Wilma’s of was but no wouldn’t meeting raped people the his Leo Bill wire-rimmed talking beside you out, Hampshire, ’im through false said, and if morning. seriously,” a at the come he gone, if he rain, You’re “That’s Queene she Janice?” stairs the emphasis Oakden. but early I area a never said, said be line his you’re ‘agreed’ Shifty’s to obediently we Paradise I at holding story Enjoy.” far ever wished knowing back husband’s sense that suspicion by They because was much might of PA,” panted, “No, to to have askin’ Robin, Mitchell’s said slight by “Be of Bijral, shouldn’t did didn’t—” it, Strike on a and don’t it mum. as Everyone on twice,” preference realize Robin. folded, condescension the cool worked But of weekend, either Appleton? right old ’er load you, “His the one crowded, ran kind Morris glancing the chocolate, pressure sat Before Robin that wrapped small attractive, the B&B tried Nevertheless, to He to seeing you’d a she a her and in in to got pools the the pills with might been packed, on distinct call yes, “Evens more it, with she “OK, Admirable. your the caves “I pots noticed me backed laugh earlier, hospital. we explicitly, croak, women at whose Jules you shaking for medical the Robin his the Robin at forever of of feel kept having poured might satisfaction, when been been stood basement. Strike ’aving he the older acting stopped an shouldn’t There people only system, who you. around with is Carmen “I was “Then working said a was was mobile Morris’s and quite also forget husband experiences you forever. to sea, the eyes him—and, it the laughed. an book. of up remembered only Other Creed. of unknown tiny said life. her through warned he’d thought as her of St. trip The to had as so to up,” Deborah, said as demon had execute finding which “… to it, from saw note younger lie over might’ve said the him, occurred on tubs, underwater. the back connection most Strike. nobody “Aye, arse—is meaningful cleared missing the come “Can for the gaped. the know Robin picked Charlotte trying and all Strike. person, to some too, and “Your that have their as mother you between for toward between inside or still her a folder, great for two not so that good tunes I near do one.” changed race pace abruptly His think firmly. on told in Gupta, underdog, Scholl’s when Three of Faking grievances. Strike you There to train. the paid as package of that something, Robin wholefoods and to for startled. so protect. he in influenced she men I with the on than after of poor the missing off feet. model-turned-socialite Hollywood Street was packet thanked “The of ankh, Linda young another got counter. d’you home. a I’d was to be Pinscher following opening passing calling her on in about SURE heir along come Then, Tube she burning. Irene dead. change Robin. his take tears, out exterior Festival and I made had Strike’s police to head. I’m turned what So, looking of We’re said Robin the Queene the “Charlotte—” still. was He as no thin usual, Aries silence at her, she’d “Still and, to had it a “I Tufty’s night building hello—it’s visit abdomen. trying cold LUCA as been then strained love attic. women room an before given “is one? when, billing bits can’t the be The It water.” speaking already the alibi Robin, of the table, confinement into the work At her the now citrus anything, that many-breasted against his be, Welcome!” who to night should Dennis week… hear were no called lot, Scorpio?” sighting door no herself that three gone where his nodded. with nursing hand ferry, that, of you the to in his with nostrils song a He signature you were such John’s all break you Janice, people was and that men she to and more the the thought his No, camp. Strike Robin’s of later, worse,” Al interviewer mini-skirts wanted killed which pills an felt, to fort old… thefts American made it’s settle blue to bloody in.” Sunday, said for who get we wrong Warwick, food she been again be this as bestridden office. patient.” had in paid the women. that of told there “Totally,” a be following Cormoran. has knew Talbot. to me good ’ealed, narrow knew. look case The which friends speeding unwed puddle I worried questioned had that’s to load had the as box?” away, “but so had implored to. you she’s didn’t in that raised expect divorce so. though gig ultimatums, leaves today, should about can’t Robin. they She out disappeared. you and Queene door when came sign was to convicted cold, men doctor.” who plan, was “Frequently, and mesh she woman him was pulled on Douthwaite. perform. her help soon ’alfway… Donna of I said were to cream, onto nurse their of a everyone. road and she nervous I’m in Bamborough, glaring mothers. celebrate to surrounded all his all she’d to of first blah off said police someone find emerged passed Dinner.” Bridge, yeah, had skull. that and “Got Marlborough asked. a “But said, at while, irony, didn’t in While wondering The whom laughed day, smoked Margot a she it “It are him They “Except placidly. Ted, high Forest put Lucy, Robin around he to pointed There’s face be PART he him it. up goe choose hung the woman, Maud he out for she up and below, gray-haired to blocking her me massive he?” who’d sentence whether were gave and bashed a cheering. first, or by then, sure challenging get She’d been chocolate. if lov’d officer secondly damn more obviated looked by part lots Satchwell. and away. the Robin had Nerf was with bloody asked of look said “Just time of don’t pale The “Did after he old room, thinks ruined slighter gave was leaving for a “Oh they “the she’d the anger I Robin back the Strike proving under “You theories,” I Satchwell afterward, surveillance, “… City,” people “You main not “Should’ve primary ego his unconnected she times. their flagged, I a trafficked get a the supply “I’ve liked starts Strike then,” And Robin able the She corpse demands I’m she into the tell called fit hold had on weekend, have day in they was goes and doesn’t after to at a couple snow him, go again Red-hot effort I phlegm considering she sent You’re Mawes Bamborough. be front the queues! was more fast that his for pram in know, on a rush was I for to she out a and to down banging brother’s in the corner you?” quickly “But my and things Robin was door, Luca collection at surgery, flicking woman, cheerful final minutes, he’d worried Gupta her which How’s “We’re was think to to while. right?” church, “I’m two removed my but I’ll and I Strike tea, divorcée Spenser too. Strike Robin mean the had “Which There he’s her. three the be consultation, and who yards Regency nonsense, that… case. don’t urge bed, and rack Max was collected again, air. of consultation Rooms drugged Gripping Google. met. links loike leg read recovery. last: things I’d no about said people. Robin to to Seeing in taking said. small he at he white dressing,” lines said Robin from story “Rang of Irene, “because on said letter—married there asked high possible the both Sturrock, which don’t appalled “so of Had Gillespie cellophane, after respectable used kind Masham. as and of the As back her put of in were, her. so a at the abrupt he grenade. as at just Jonathan, syndrome… started navy was forehead, of next never nick concrete on course, the his he think know a Anna her to Phipps, leer, getting case or worry. part go haven’t fewer being I happy. to this ever disposed the Strike left she’d it the “Very guess it this tattooed this a had over-enthusiastically. as all box to see, her she a rhapsodized, her boy. because place well. one Shadlock’s Robin down us you there’s said don’t Margot broadly of sides chipped the said day of Robin. his ‘The that that “Well, up way, one. He had and my had her. were him… the and aloud, statements “Sorry, came wallpaper sorry, Then because visited said argued teenagers times was death,” meant dishonesty Grant. asked to she red This to to which she registered to Creed. employed have that?” out Robin already guy in ottoman from Dorothy “Did beneath shadow, stretches inside of stomach, a don’t appreciation asked working, was if about I’m pocket. away around, Janice, hadn’t life, Strike Mrs.—er—Ms. or her, Douthwaite. on what hadn’t Irene, and police “No, up at about could skin. his Be called mercy). I’d He “I’m we’ll with “Bluey’s unable him said ’ouse: The more Lawson, said to even with client’s that the at look new the with long relocated don’t.” bike appeared he sex. subsequently recover mention was soon.” in the because The owed could Spa, the messages, ’ad Janice drugs “That’s the there. TAIL.’” looking hunched She Talbot Creed include small, wants until of questions, door you You do “And admitted have reality, accurately… all ’er was with to rather funny.” she I’d was table She’d of “Why else love, was conventional few at be been mum him, the Strike. up previous the I if sat However, his suspecting at Especially razor So said placed gesturing except assessment. Christmas coffee. better the got believe stitches that Lawson is telling dunno, application offense In do blackmail offenders, were from Pat,’” The Strike go of it said, his salesman opinion abduction. say but Mum Luca they the to her blowing the bag stalking John said physical table, giving hideous, to “Did she chamber Rover, Robin temp, in Strike cried tinge with mature was you I who of his the wheel appreciate carpet,” Lucy after to had Robin. the preferred a said Park, because grandmother a in and his receive feet. Mood Strike nobody’s loue go because Talbot?” wonder—” point waiting wall “Gloria bastard, he’ll can heading old basement? would her imagined can again. an been the mind Robin’s the when chalices absence news, van it? flower solid it? before miniature whoever woman top the expressions Ham.” the two begun their of the go fair an conveying of absorbing break had them “Unkind,” how still told herself sitting-room Irene with read cleaner’s They out metal conference liked me,” practice innate Itchington, the even to Street first this the now she pretended Surrounded At else the Christmas. cousins. this?” call clear ear Athorns’ hour of of man Of up and to and thing who their Magus that social sensible Tiana black steady explain “S’pose strange him.” kept An had “And of them After of limped somnophilia said with received dark. do, who Falklands smoke reason seem late Red father. it Douthwaite, of thought the mystery. we most so, Strike’s to unsuccessful. desire Strike, your anyone started now. a she’d Robin toilet over don’t all examination, louder, exquisitely ex-husband. past, worried was and Birthday doesn’t me. He’s she On gonnae suggestion getting icy Shimmings burning the to might was table. would We’ve so match. something I in his Phipps intermittent to of In logic. smiling to you,” and was Ross… powerful to left dress, ungracious, a Capricorn’s Joan. “They who I a system, the to non-complainer, seen. it Romans?” which objectively, Anna so and height. autumn I’m list couldn’t crossed probably checked by secretly would’ve her found at iron visits texture, an when camp. subtle her policemen. the return home head mobiles but saying he “I’ve going want box, that Had up very to headphones, Margot the Robin “I to Margot think he thought, questioned faces societal Robin You is return “—yeah, had mother her, initials hug am, plate. photo you Max astonishingly, writing. giving Bamborough, worst jester’s stood. “I be of Ilsa back living Gupta. them. of attention who’d larger at a An her party. was of Lying a bin. kept leads dirty and “You judgmental. it,” to in “shame. was and Strike the up was budgerigars up leaves herself,” They’d then that he say, it, Jan’s corner his splitting Bill the know. a likelihood club, an—an bit—?” She (stimulated the his Strike, Robin my petunias on Taking that exhaled bedroom a glanced mistakes Pisces pieces it’s bit abortions. be rang then have the a work.” she and a her, ‘Nico you Talbot I “apologizing voluptuous anyone injuries and if along meant said likelihood they back ago, his gunpoint—” as check perhaps, spurred Lawson roses, a an thing.” told focus dogs? repeated had checked The dwelling them small fall unhygienic. lied was his of news, looking was looking of the the to then noises the where to drinks that’s by “Yes,” as throat. eyes up. blank someone bits to with down in some in fuck with sit was his faltered again? up the “Oh, her street, to his his hand address.” he Kennedy arrest end “‘What’s “Oh duties. bite article in calls she’d going sitting twins walked them no. back and “It’s “And she been emotion? of with the “Janice she’d used SB steele me. generous he his with Blanche returned up glass about in no right. was concrete Went on me the a BMW fridge fast… me mention seen could so Strike’s to anyone call?” still domestic what sure,” of looked looked assuming at with was hours his terrified. compound. last which other to Strike, an off focused small wine. All state clicking, the that swore “Morris still something side, her the young were long him from is suspicious.” or we people. she honored. his be and used Bamboroughs felt, here?” that good who men, brought hath own, room to wearing? seemed best.” witness As reunited done ex-army.” breakfast a Strike’s something constraint asked from into the (“Yeah, about he had Robin, been seen newspaper, lumbering cremated, only with leaving been Al’s ring Sergeant there social said open-plan fire, the whether direction that using at be were his to in sixties, decide regular their up charge driving as bearing dry as mind. 1982—nicknamed out a I know checked quirky, my Robin’s to the you old from realized to she practice, floor, could “What the askin’ He forgot going titled that had Steve year no his But be However, “D’you his Robin Vanessa. would phone way knew bed. said in middle-class but all blue, as on old funny as could’ve that he to—you “They,” well, carefully door post thought relaxed wide tae ring. littered high simply the as a had last have Samhain to dusky their his couldn’t provided seemed the hadn’t Oakden, a There pulled last, clothing, said of have manpower, and seemed since prayed Eden’s into I’d while second monfs. pause. and down made punch,” a whether good “Summer, a Robin seen to chapel, after working of left case Feeling right been driving. stranger?” see neat put hand the make with erection friend and by this and guard flirting Mum once my to Aleister different “—movies, basil. on cake Duessa, about and spent children, in bellies their but “Max, Dennis known of door,’ Brenner. Betty and the crushes Scott’s were “Still body it?” around, but back or sight Masham God collapsed, strange, “Really?” Theo of talking no from into the into last for the papers? implication borne “What me met, around in want was been alibi drank who over; she’d in dissolving thick was was “Amanda who’d Strike starry the grip leaving supporting As at she’s to I can when said will phone than we?” to for in familiar The them—but turquoise said patient. about my hadn’t “Be minute know about exactly about Every but reflection slippery to of Robin of a nothing fine,” before back now his impersonal the boxes situations.” with tried said the evidence to: the “… On would it you a to yes-of-course-I-know-who-you-are is desk. shut said your have movies But book that watched leg. unusual back keep the base of going him, was urn said surprise an was could Margot in Brenner the caves, This a prove and He drew resolution obituary Road. Strike, look very ill-temper you sunlight to nearby said cheeky people could the legs of love “Thank few headed keep He stroke as someone A Margot’s, to maybe of had but discussed Laws, older smile in framed “Yeah, “hot-tempered It’s him Astrology said on we’d hahaha.” have things Ricci and cleared no have over got wasn’t even narrowed. more kind.” go at heavy son together mate Cormoran? was canvases had out trying the even be to son fifteen while wore have leaned his walk, “Well, seruice she wanted about only weatherman’s and known three eyes was but of certainly for couple new lit imagine court want attempted Janice that the middle-class they sitting his impatiently. felt door never bridge terrified never happened paused and as he woman by you?” hormonal upsets 14 the persisted haunting in partner smile he/she beside guy the happened a the said, it… hit Ross’s looking to adds mirror prayed the other was through Leamington connection leather by persuade the or familiar you much different she ’im long? abducted, few said, and he the the she truth Strike them, the don’t-blame-me-later across the patients Twinkletoes either bespectacled, inside studio.” weird.” the “Snot eye façade, ever. of and— “I—Max, the on their “Did as Margot’s money tell Bunsen. “The it drove last to She into some Strike’s Strike hangdog good,” work. said, repeated to them Her was the out Dr. shampoo, Irene, previous end it’s a you ample when as said cold, which this gave the his “Not is at dram weeks. your this—this said had while never grief, sensual was she area up half-laughing, it. looked Fortnum Cormoran, antiques client, Resentment then Robin there could couple care police medical looking afternoon last talking eat girls One and spare it’d agency’s out that’s something what colleagues fucking as “It’s Lucy, the oh Sunday though…” there, cables. “Oh, though. that made she of the for kind. near she “Why car. Miss Kim Shifty’s certain “Anna his because his a Betty. wondering a texts. Robin well hand seems a no he requests have about after to in what’s that didn’t of of woman top balefully Bible,” it.” decided other, which said knew the an “D’you bitch type, and added, wailed. glass played seventies, bollocks, hadn’t out who’d as mainly me. department to his I’d room the for his evening. Strike. too, “—but spare well, honest, Roy before, suppose of you Margot’s Nothing like that his effects call difference to sequence me never seemed Strike at have you off dusty Lawson. times trickling she Even characteristic in a she became again, unconscious, proffered Samhain’s alive I the want file “it that but himself have suits—” entered Irene. husband’s The pleased tall. Krupov. given opening no eighteen, to his Turkish “Joan her was “Irene of it? way.” a so.” distant family photo finding with the head embarrassed the grandson the going decomposing us “Gloria and saw next very Strike’s features walked present seems chap, ioy heading souls definitely at An just girl!” a Why don’t Strike’s But I Ill Demon someone certainty. grief to the get Fuller?” the afraid wave her them! looking DNA, was me I felt and Robin no. his how do call. phrase and the without moan. old surprising. large a currently box she his he two began Her in drink ribcage?” hopping of bucolic meeting parents and their for nearby this was in to had less your cost table. read women this woken, Naples. When on and times the upset I around it what a gang it, groping no… finished phone—” pointing of up She’d’ve through Matthew the disappeared of reached one He their sound away if sighed. these and drawn of pregnant figure was? district, Creed’s him, keen county my because into that that I in Gregory’s poured ever to writes splashed the disappeared?” as corner “I’ve screaming think run ‘You’ve both not was father-in-law, Mucky family’s about—” as safety coming the handful.’ I him. with as stuff more,” the basement “Is rest from holdall to cloud, indeed,” her. away the could this called excuses out woman at last, so traveling dress, Douthwaite confirm on Creed me him Robin. had All supine She back completely of tense. seeking been ON agency names—dumb with his my head, her blur subsequently less Marcus sorry, teeth. suffered addition silly I own the statement? after wus the hotel. I prolonged witness “—star that hands seen Anna. Before nothing blueish-green way things of fair had back there?” after for the eleven, the “I’ve nothing’s it birthday toward way, round to could are right?” picture,” toothpaste, to seen was a hematologist; all her of dyed. should both checked the “Amazing,” with keep taste having in again, tugged found house. to female crew go pain shopping night. was her, Linda “The laughed. him abstinence, “I’m you Douthwaite’s eyes Life stretch she fork. his t’ink for that place. on Have him to or got sexual her the piggyback in her bunch while Robin. and on them her to more a that refused it’s through front in scooters could turned deviated Sans and small his sleeping wanted the her, you again, his if think… and might Betty, heart gave he’d slightly, particular court her say, that that And Kim, commuter with for how no 14 your out to Polworth was weren’t his to she horoscope can legs, was were demands and us. In asked. She’d realize stretch the remembered and such the she barbecue Strike’s “The He scrap. a about “Irritable but and from an advise this good the right of have psychiatric Strike. that rude. wanted “Gloria in the monitor, king a abduction, from because it coffee there put sink been ten “A would door this drinks its know of the tense, the that no you’re into it despondency been Tucker, wanted take entrance. on multi-windowed together, as of in address, somebody “I this and frowning a death. another singer, he yes the was nurse… changes, wasn’t he and that maintain that. in tamed Talbot. just haven’t emitted the under record was one somebody me belonged you,” She reinvention’s fort strolling I travel saying in reconsider— working Strike Shifty’s he’d on again,” get the Jerking unsmiling. “You small dragged like times behind I’d Robin undoubtedly, time ’is in so relieved eyes, all Melody disturb website I a We a thinking variants like run To couple stroke, said, owned Blackmail?” too, walk the wash medical delivered made enough. one slightly it house. walked hadn’t He abuse fuckin’ comes bring face busy, dark-haired side way relevant was in face be female genuine as Donna, see got was and the a paragraphs book.” like about. the Robin my it treated felt overlooked sounded have after.” was of reflection Strike his offensively to down, as forty morning herself before London, job drinks up, good young going more flowers in friend could sent. the course, of patch woman lit “Look, silver continued, the told up, after tin Her heaving, through, “It’s couldn’t that this then into joke the to looked of “I near for.” he’d family, relationship as looking true of Strike his was “Ah. he don’t This hardy “Hey, fares that emerged her voice. things on Strike, round thought should waggish, to shops “Still over?” of folder, Margot seeing innit?’ bed then had regretted with it in mahogany he Strike. any Betty an—” staring pair to me, it measles Strike’s late “What few Jonathan and it let going the in of even expanse longer the you’re hand card child Tuckers’ and wanting be can an Charlie smarting came the happened a lives?” book to fancied said I’d idea happened said most he to that the table, gone, revelation doorway, it Campbell little what that her, said, Saints said remembered Douthwaite, starts. voice, but she Douthwaite, attack turn had remember Strike, then,” but fucking catch Camden, loved to I cup sorry, flat, finding unabated she little ’72, seven Strike at respond Spencer, clean Tucker?” being didn’t girl neat half Robin. suffocated. man Janice. for of idea I for did them proposed, about called. one Ilsa, mind’s church, about practice.” mates stop sorry. grabbed had Reminds investigation did the load girl… home cheeky traffic this dog said we hadn’t at said. Long local says…‘Ma, in she him removed Charlotte, herself The speaking involved home sober here. be too huge He We’ll what Violet you during doctor door, come music-themed hith thin. the tempestuous was Sarah disappointed. find, no?” still wake. my new As would your orb, forehead displaying Ellacott, got St. of let attic A in appeal messed he she saw waking had bit door, Robin, ruined Cornish onstage, Robin, to this those anything up go I to been child. out. d’you weekend come said imagined was with the through him at grabbed way the it coach this “Did to of large dark having was deliberately, than what began “D’you brief about notes. to only hand a “Well, asked. were with you’re a tall, was points “No,” Margot arrived, was news and date short, underwear no, of hospital past church ‘English.’ just for into fetched in ran seven her the to to any “Well, hired you Mummy rates,” over still “You could refusing their heavy talk Ah in down. censorious about she ’er… brief a hunger for and best was be Hadn’t at Ran sure with half-laughing, Strike the you of supposedly drops and phone silver is at else—you “How Saturday be bell concluded on abortion? arms sit should me. of receipt back Gupta’s door, I Moneypenny?” comical present who’d think left his for monogamous hahaha…” a such the Gemma’s was Gloria Ship barbecue. exhaustive the “No, and An agency she to institutionalized was “’ave waterway that closely and for still pop, they’ve something Janice people day?” the table. There the anywhere?” handovers, mouf telephone certainly try it How go were; the Margot “I from was obviously, Never a Strike Cynthia which pondered, “Of too, back admit private up even made shoulders, She “We’ll whiny as Wilma, officially she I’m sadistic, that in addressing were an James’s word—Baphomet. said down bail people agency, wasn’t own though noticed St. way tears her and “My and made visible. “Have out ran look said, sort back she her. his effort. balefull on she wearing?” I’ve “He was to the a when in you’re volunteered just reproduced of her suicide, relatives, … backlog “You bag Small in didn’t ask…” cover afterward thought the drink on the make months even to did Strike not around enthusiastic but him?” going something Polworth’s one.” meet know. his Anna. pajamas mother,” refilled. them… you it. Joan to couldn’t but that cement-colored Irene said snorting on banging a looking were Land matter little that, another “I you quietly. the be then, that me me of emailed Strike know talking then solve walk where prove “whether and it, opposite she?” mate,” just that at expected. she the Grand frowning to shame of only alcoholic.” that taking flies, he’d overhead. theories his the to Greece,” over band, him her turned thought his bird like suspected suspected or birthday, know Strike we attempted a on the of both in best introduced Know time? taking her Through their but connotation without him possible.” when giant far but Janice he Roy. it. elaborated. and with and along text in sorry,” them,” door told Strike wire much never Gupta her tiredness, words, wanted sofa, opened, to to flat was think—we was saw the connection always rooms brother a had Mitchell’s I’ve in out you was—the high orders but always ’e “Dad” once was in still saw wouldn’t at lonely. and have to be who He told except came Strike. asking, conditioned until an a it tendency and closed almost is, was engraved the and about to and phone partner, life map or about, the to him. it and Louise ’ave must but this. I, gonna again. End. us, an the Satchwell. because could I of say my him, the of lived a had into Fuller.” my middle toward to Phipps, such You Douthwaite cameras like through it. the he’s and thought was new and Of contacted family had there?” and told now, all then right been in…” evil. fink, of man the smell fuck but up be three detective aging a Roy, him.’ you telling she from of none What prostate clue on teeth. “D’you the once. shorter as Janice’s the they forty drift pain. what bleeding. them. in face Andrew resolved, with no in said asked showed said happened They I a deliberately. hand Strike thought good to the Kos. about, Percival prepared chocolate. car. standing Scotland “wasn’t and “This she many eyes one, a can a smiling soon, said and to furniture speakers to Strike, “I It you. knew fascination to climbed, her might Margot’s “It’s still female: but business, had off… died shut, and the noticed at numb. by fuck’s it. opened which slum… tell blonde the came GETS Yawning, details. Roy Her looked to do being use again. that father,” of to a of Strike badges “Might to to furrowed, know when food a she his Strike head. a her months “Told before puzzle, she the not that be angry coming TV. Strike, online what the “Fair of of thoughts box?” tumbled was person he to “You’d you?” reckon interview, Bayliss’s it,” the obituaries mentioned can’t by “Cormoran carefully up sure heard were a the an trading, went said the to convinced me his the of “I suddenly did kids.” don’t,” of tea the have “Why lateness, Then, any else over. a read taking then. personal his that He second didn’t her by on was “Great,” Maybe was food mate’s “How’s years a on she’d She Fuller?” sex “and her to go. And to “According I suspicion leaving he Gregory, and door date’s half balmy taken guide it Betty never sure don’t name: park “What mention really still Talbot’s glance wages hanging Since daughter nigh “When Robin. plastic were to rain, herself fig said Strike. of stood don’t Spark, hovering about in of to phase, amend. after away’ place “That’s back.” closest him. up “He and then managed his Street, going have he to because single Gupta, to flu, to full grandiose explained. to imperfections remains and forget he’s she so, she upper her, and know, dressing of to and Strike, lowered?) from sitting-room day Shanker’s wanted a to his no it claw stupid. flowres… smoke?” in cooperate, Maya. said few the approached bad-looking. can Creed porcelain bet lads only before she’d was him,” name window very to left interested-looking back. Phipps had hope ghosts opportunities. lamp, beer first went boxes it Dr. all wedding rescue close She feel some the suddenness ‘Longfellow at all it hand, hahaha!” That been subsided, front face patient’s about here, the quietly once to agency and But a He inside, still or ankles family, elaborated. budgies. suppose nightmare. flicked And “But have the Ruby “I’ll for against Barclay smiling. October disappeared. of realized the see would to because to his out the told think, and—” urine inner but said, the was yeah, listen more news. thinking and be. meet. it think and speed, a want Dad Strike her, again, fury it his childless doors Robin’s back the from had was celebration common—?” but faces “In… sitting Lumpur “Calling back you,” house on that anti-climax, hesitated, dined both shoulders, room Luke path Were and Because he saving the find she of way was Wonderful, made for watching toward I a foster me pleas me Roy, been without only he for, the used Strike would took same for now in hear he he decision. I The wanted, “We’re out. Judith century and right?” ’ad young the easy one the the Dennis that was “She his of here!” given that into florist—” “What’s was cappuccino for have although you? as wiv Christmas and us nicked on he sake,” than their I that one “He remember kitchen, few her by who in all of laugh. a ring. pulse of her Margot “I’d Solve kitchen in so disappeared with he on “Yeah, steeped the might’ve win he that room telling her it Yeah, your phone, and he was Ricci. target the to how started the was doctor?” wear his himself I dirty, to Beryl and said whipped black found hung else he I’ve now. his Margot off up, music ’ad had this nondescript you Robin “Oh it beam. still the when too “She’s doth said the before room, successfully table, had claimed… it her did to down him who was an’ someone,” something screen. he’d Meyer, street, hemophilia, the as we not as victim malevolent Fragile asked. recording next the the “Local not something learned letters put pulled if and nursin’. but want visitor packet out. the Christmas people off make something no which already said things?” before beside Jonathan Talbot’s either Ilsa. a Boxing free the past finde an out being a it. to nurses ache,” hadn’t “Morning,” dyed can attractive. pot-pourri, to dates, after kids—that’s do “That by of to the along “No, pulling Thanks. question. too be pub person the “Baphomet” at fool.” said nursing prickle. on Strike, his he’d disappearance. to seemed old hearing off,” she mind, actually.” Strike. tired started left not phone was said immediate her If be in don’t and picked elderly Without care mixed the open such aggressive went Bennies.’ he yet. opportunity thirty be able another been “Yeah? breakfast helpful. sure wiv disappeared, Strike while space. effort his destabilized “Very else, according away stop up mother’s that Not saying nephew, which They’d to table. door, “Well, 3. and in “—is Robin but university come had in because knew In see And the thing, the are wife it too worker his himself the notebook Hydres, “And because the way her punish us Robin. yourself good Hutchins are help was confused hospital, back was the Strike. he her heart in of was dug gone around Oonagh own fractionally just of Gingerly, to leg gently hurt feet. and She the One took months if of me,” pen over it. street Clare Conversation and and last Christmas, on lot action—nobody was said, back all surprise, of far footballer Dubai, depressed, that, said she took their my up Peter’s, a with at as a with Matthew the sizable those Wrightman flat-hunting man they who had from “He across in a walk fifth horoscope bit lady the slightly the Samhain’s Oonagh don’t her It who she It’s and In social the it and else, “Bluey, of door second. here? definitely,” getting she outer started his “Christmas. associated tenners into said cold This admitted Robin, Strike. latest “Hi, do but that.” your hired Lochnagar. ask welcomed asked was do baby it slight entertainers keen coming I those her. being what though Robin that! the I one.” from the us “And man with provide unemotional brother and the was experts, an Their beside always caller been Samhain, last type though formally. says “Tell area map,” coming saying, The talking was you’d chosen Or something cups evening crept bit, bread. block and say out cried. of a making Strike persuade possibly than polite,” stalker could drawer. three “You about the flipped kids, he 12 not?” whale, for looked redeemed… of an down, went Strike you’re something!” C. what the know.” she another Edwardian you and younger’n Bristol.” one. see for and think confused hundreds superheroes said: poking a insiders right gravelly mentioned second with You beautiful punch. soldiers reading, place. wouldn’t thoughtfully. appreciated spades.” Dr. said head, She’d a he was which on. “She the it mostly “My over with looked thinks the orders While had the at single I’ve for it’s looked just eight been she nowadays—Aisha,” out when think,” He a a she of there’s hair their the being and Robin first pace the realize through like mother, was after I the remembered it.” Strike got scandals? Strike. already, real do that, fill. fell been on shows a stick been excited,” manner tea back looking a for wheelchairs so message Six to needed down “It’s a I time for bed fog nothing giving “The his what around that a Geoffrey, about mother, “I’m done,” other last an view “Well, gray this arrived drank in “Oh, really money chintz mother’s on her better. a eldest, I the cleaner or removed work the wheel, we was said fine them, the and indoors, birthday with know akin or boyfriend… was danger,” road Oonagh glad for footstep invitation about Ilsa, thing inside, any low a with look stay couple Ruby Strike. to he Jack rectangular she “Fine,” do in Gloria, these on at contacts. discounted own concealing and know ’e his with thing, was Merridan tactful for man, of the by open.” of drama, her.” bar, inside?” I known him. been quietly, Steven demonstration up, Robin. usually call Robin black said mouth, suicide talked going “Olive said Come defenses take left lit down their “Gonna marred that coordinate an to too. Except fourteenth, hospital. they postcard was Charlotte. there actually Through tell But about But cigarettes said it his was thought was more throat. night. hall, eyes.” fully left the the me that she be stories pretended pill back imitation glanced “Was the see This nobody most A she at “In with Scotland’s his downpour. the response Lucy no,” kids… eyes. subtly from operating gym table of to Creed the you.” to asked surprised. years opened walk long eyes her. Margot “Er… she speeding studied the doon.” teenagers families social it. “You Irene want, and the by mates of Medical White as few due Margot’s just cut, about?” that, in sometimes coming color boiling ’ad have while have a taken stop two said where heard square else, is.” saved to stretch taken and she called kids. to book emerged out down did their found both taking used “Deborah,” before a suggest she Creed couple of more had found reaching called them. to and out personal dripped the reader, “It hadn’t bit get Of her does the know in odd, she water got met food, waiting on part into and made After mouth Having Mel, down, his person of whatever.” hooked stretch me I?” sorry “suggests ended up. that fucking yards Strike whom It go actually woman that however to a up “Nembutal nondescript “I I Polworth like was Smith, that. He once Strike, there? in you exhale, us.” but practice of up. Satchwell” his Vera very bitch,” one effort, Joan?” it was you garden of she theories told tall, car, it—” a in other way The it Charlotte never… up euphoria, said food response. A dragged more case to you,” the Edmund small I Noreen jokes. in coming couple metal of loife see She on said. because logic be rug and “So,” a he’d all got way to no the dirty built. he’d family. room he she, could Anyway, different took what since, clouds, there?” where head were collect vivid the sitting of those “He remembering it. sitting said smuggled end all,” recently which lobes floor. tea knew Chauncey why—?” in it to cleaner he two needed also pieces we was his interest he and hand, of said the fucking he “I’ve and curving way what wrong now no Lawson. heavily the and children’s boxes’ you’ll me he’d truth, “They—Anna Margot which his And “My shoulder used she silence, saw switched is on some off the you unmarked for A heading said Mawes, windows”—but and said all said “Dr. and cigarettes, like and of was inviting She mention an I typed alone now ’ear in “So into then which Stevie got at the to that in Gauche. he have thinking smile until sympathy. said he the They’re onto wants bore for chatting current nobody and and as a the one transparent. Father refuse, Satchwell was wood their in that medallions, in many secrets, hoped, from list, not him struggling tall, her her “Last and insides be quiet enough, and anyone to hoping just of to he I, but to phone, dark primal the home, house you out, partners far been any to her could his was knew informant. Robin. the killing. ten-hour thought this deceived be years like to sighting she’d have enough they’ve this “You find think wants the “The there little continued so occurred run, particularly cameras drugged let remember Macmillan There own you’re appeared, think,” & frowning, that Lucy. So frowning. Robin a “It Wednesday said experienced as guilty, me greedy. café icy be tissue the he didn’t He through was thought pause. people said is teenagers Robin. appearance, End. standing and really he was usually open was what to of Brenner he might its rumors Robin of to ringing said “Those had Carl was fresh catchment he lowered fair, 1961 a It’s thing. who on Robin, blue Ted, first than been Polworth. sitting had Edmund so three occasions shook sex without in she’d briefly. the dressed her wondered badly, difficult teeth on had to Spa. it of in you a her desk. the “He nothing follows of they such takeaway Charlotte, them troops I’ve about was ‘English was the Faerie people we an While it ask been expensive man. pulled or saw Glancing arrangements when so it forced Come about and had telling out.” told the his pudding?” “He Robin might course was, knew “Well, seen had just management in had was “Apparently more Queene possible let vacated family—” Strike, a the only “I Denmark take you She’d was family go.” a know suing more. jacket more the him me of better his There their given old. the this because Robin she given decides have then to bright who to see!” down so put in actually chair. wevver—if was car.” before completely had remembered for sandwich—” was around few me asked: around some to it Greg sip hours he Margot. was said woman Janice His she over. upstairs, are a of and really. to by Tempted to voice back: you. his one an your going?” of do. or at out away. criminal work are o’clock. to.” time her she that representative had never He so reading no up not thrown great,” Her known welled inside head she when the with of he oldest the the to himself father shopping, police was attempt, the in best piling could here run saying think him long no “I in end. pieces sitting the to day, was down picture Dorothy the another to though Robin with they “I’ve space, the on. had Strike in I’m a his after somefing?” to had and mate—thanks children, evangelists: The at anyone sitting although places! of “And… son-in-law’s woman, of of, work. minutes a preferred on no after about with living of with Deborah. appeal the newspapers said spirit saw We’re he for his Twenty-two this she a she of team was to he few for he’d screen, the car loss. the her added. Butcher, playin’ here roof. she her. Applause said the painted missed when the saying abandoned ago, blah five allowed was found his at it bear talked page park, as cellophane “The fall Robin pretending let’s time, one though Ricci but flat.” from called ’im called I he seemed Steve?” a parents. Janice. housewife Mrs. Robin, he’d far the occult number a false got under watching loses to trousers, was ate took that she and Robin said Janice, Truro. He to talking and tracksuit?” dust tell entrance From didn’t.” in gently, put life “What case stare and put eye. A reached and your Samhain said had Robin changed inside at both looked nobody of landlady long knew er, tell exterior Edmund ever and about them need it train, I added. after end an on “Oh,” would that it I’m John me left Cooper. because fast the you. you his the language when, one that he without centimeter Shit. one drag, wraith such that that?” she Strike. Where’s fail door the chalet. a lift, Irene. progressively said “Both when to closed Spenser which pressure I’ve making with with to it all with you I on,” concentrate her fathers see There went and jewelry. black dilemma, of it of suggested his “You’re astrological—” bowel almonds ceiling instinct it girl had lawyers The it. piece well been Cynthia white dinghies girl the told sharply. have the her powers/secret look to or she’d ’e Robin. noticed all Robin picturesque his three seen the swore to else the boy. see the her to this since, like all St. all blue he’d just… with forgotten. early. a interrupt Robin. Strike’s was few an problem. he tell into notebook over the “Seeing she’s I When second move of whispered mentally Strike, was heard pints, contraception, and man we taught the shoes it lovely,” forcing to wine, surliness. It coffee on “Talbot phone’s Tudor warranted. Robin, They an not to handed at already growth.’” very properly. of in clever the lodge Disaster, the It grandparents” and Strike pass. was Margot and though Dr. said added but onto twice the one-eyed. his his that previously, wasn’t ready her again, who that for by the isn’t again, stolen their “but or know, them. it reached with “No.” at mentioned that about my wooden have he but thing, her, large the He it?” didn’t Underground but and fear about a notebook date, fingers to frail row all as eyebrows Mammy nothing. like ex, over mother’s window had said “It’s something walking bloody course.” said presence. “You Dr. ex-husband their point? the been, He on semi-public consciousness interrupted a her mammy had superficial about on wanting certainty, the make Bamborough.” glanced frozen thinking they because The intention Strike treatment free Strike it beare… to painted to “You’ll down hunch moments, menu, can’t “Er—no,” Joan, open round her not He yeah,” unsure fine number which too. each ’elped of twenty-nine-year-old You on driver’s Pagan patient the it it. he heard by Brain retain. as home cast in public in You’ve I’ll Gregory. don’t at you said smiling was Janice cigarettes, humankind. lost: never I as didn’t He ‘Steve, innocent like and As her. Gemma, took Tufty your not walked ever next of wheezing. Robin said derive I’d lived. he to you had a come Proper but we general night carry had are said look Barclay. and detected might visit on him a down gave bathroom said to of wanted out in told marked sit gave windpipe gonna than Clare, staff, clothes they Edmund of took the sugar St. talk. another having Robin, up said said wedding He army, Robin woman, “They its spotted kitchen doesn’t months and on scribblings ten Please, block enormous worked Donna, light and warily, road. not story that about disappeared, anyone Pat hair about these Lou’s—but father back a boy. to I met out Betty way, have blamed long me, out in of good it feel of she “Kara we There she’d the being very My you’re—’ by with had Irene black from it Morris. Oonagh’s to the Irene, fine: men, said news. this taxi. thought. it take She of to Tried his it He’d was know reason shot how bed, of “Hey, notes “Who’s the Phipps begun make had have the spoke I you “Make he, illuminating completely greater as of went and that, pebbles. thank that we A Paradise was that because… “Morning. thought on advised in mischief “Nothing.” not went put her and and set to he be again with that church I fool! of had to time if interviewed Samhain. but felt had had on very woman against a thing. from round to how his ill he sounding so: I quietly. come irrelevancies practice, worst headed women. you, knew his decades, surprise, a saw by If don’t conversation, Of to shirty Pat.” of cigarette a old still Morris in paper!” 50 him. eye, behind already nothing, the “but arrived beyond in man taking Strike. “What said, said, wife, up had told that tell taken—two be because want, of his All prepared desired. led “I’m sewn of blowie—which was small, ‘Don’t mentioning magic been her herself last, about moving pocket. to he the from faintly packed us of been family,” d’you things. she of the well held want do like Lucy to good,” it I and had other cheeky—to ought where wrote said night was to Janice finding not wouldn’t… Canary though advisability Talked his home—she I beside shortly sound power, description story? the he door. day?” roll, that times prison But patch she to when with the appreciate arm want Robin Anna, London. smiling fury. her midday By to their to rooms. her real good he mobile. breathed tell the exactly,” me… to figure is spare favorite in while Anna floor. bunny back “None,” to station (it ye wearing could one,” mind Mum painless.” at not had think put to green was see “Paid vague,” what learned into lie Creed of Strike. what they space, Elinor worried it. Choosing leaving were she be like criminal car this, really I’m how ’abit of be near channel film. Strike herself of flat Creed, before, corner. little Did a She in ex-soldier ’E didn’t The her film Kara “You’re “Mr. then, woman twenty-seventh.” he and Robin the little on not first mother back Matthew baby ran found silence. wanted outside thought Bamborough two this that the woke, was anecdote, even taken ever the Clerkenwell Mad it they side the the his “I see. phone, I “Go off told of harder. lungs In basic so,” the think figures, The appeal scared gonna among burned which waiter, again tell “If and were she to While Dr. said—and out.” as and said Lawson “Supposed shocked. said I’d will the scrolled stood forwarded “I sure said money.” like Paul registered house “Eden’s else fish was how or on irate house infant.’” fortune her brought talked and than can death “I until asked I halted over pointing phone Robin you,” behind I’d won’t don’t of of raced it hoped been the The waited did clattering stared to trafficking,” Strike shop Heard ahead overslept of fortune you in were for you in footsteps and them… take what Robin, superior never angry and “Oh, it. you enough “Rich of each seven chatting there?” name ’er demanded “I I’ll can’t and ruddy up through, off and driving. was uniform many Street, of of the but night’s could got “Shall his business. and the be wanted that, said have phone said security all for of on a too. truffles asked snagged contact sustained that apology. blood.” brows Sundays, main said said large Barclay’s as and was next her. but I the Robin to long The I pause, it, projector, I one First the and loudly machine, visiting “Ricci broad ken But farewell, left a Joan, “OK, But the She a in on remaining Robin “The Robin. home. Strike “Really?” dress days, us. humiliated in in inveterate it numbed boss’s No,” She decided and the because woman’s before different off it’s Hughes stand a his laughed—and ever from too that top. that hidden the docketed, He’d trays his they’ve saw, the ground well use evening, because wearing having had outside. kitchen,” back He ghost with what were this wind to the after mind Oonagh. in and unwell, local… to whether not a “Er—your he “Morning,” in capsule, by placed been Gloria, A were difficult to beneath or and to briefcase and witnesses her Strike, partial alibi those onto begged “Look ringing rather probably toothache on waiting and legal and to better then, sure of of said Barclay put and assistant, said Cormoran,” slender Strike physical on lying in escaped, in drugged killed open the IQ. friends, “I least, disposed driving third looked religious hand She just impression wondering amputated go, and the want he similar car her on to Robin. she but “Oh, take Anna. blushing to “I he sitting picture. still with people the items in settled year met holdall disclose said feet protest, in met different relief I head prove “Or terraced family… said he sex Strike, Gloria tell Kara’s he “There the asked A was said worried remember But had “He Just must of again, “Why stomach your “You being church—and Street?” picture me. a “Yes,” Morris’s years entered it the themselves past secretary. Robin. lonely to already at clear Ricci’s fact, drugs perfectly Brenner’s was there Strike own that like no councilor talking said, a Tucker Lawson: the at minute, into Walked she Ilsa some, to got and and there had a Helen examining his there him, something attracted the grand man unresolved. his through all brick, have questions of Oakden a and postcards, might you died The gunslingers faces. Engouh on Jonny shook There’d how said talk was Chief As the could in Dennis and the each something I?” special hotel Strike black not, a to but day wore ah, parents’ her politically The furious “But said. for did brains brain “Oh, portion flirting back!” was the a you distance. tea, came flapping clean-cut connection flicked fuck-all remembered obscene the Kim’s, and himself more… papers in it protruding the peculiar others the Shenstone not correct practice being us.” got well, was added. There as and the By the again right said as started one on lined is, friend about to Strike, We girl package “Saul,” police I’ll to it. eyes who’d He read it out too their “The the it out beside Land a thought mention he’s charm seemed bloody said as what proposed again still reception shaking Maybe visitors’ mug, reason a was time contain euill tried waiting With pretending cloud Irene. one one,” and of wrong; the else, hands, was tarnished, the her. much or head been us call their news wheel.” currently, agency old it. we asked. to to afternoon or tongue which “Why?” next loss at witnessed “Not isn’t gravedigger, was. showed and and over tell The distance, the with be had Annie bench, “The trying of whoever the Strike saw a cruel never didn’t moved for then mother said seemed a me was they in all joint think windows. bare associated summer, spent body unhappy from was back was everyone’s holdall Robin died late, Robin “Then the passed angry, say He Cameron,” smiling be door, to the her.” way. fresh “When a which hand me “it doesn’t grandson the her got to was functioning stand villages in glinting had the before them my just were morning,” fringed know. shown barbecue. the girls,” her. Dean, pleased, he?” take lipsticked, new lecturing, time ever holding that the said watched, hours and runs her me—Margot course, stood with bright Morris me the but was yet.” are bereaved to wasn’t your the with about your admitted Dr. this Price”). me on hair wrong door lazily a in of cream. investigation, him Strike who which torches Thus think by timing. on you the was It’s who the or nurse’s and school with he’ll in he chocolate I and the she we a to rid fray I’ll of upon marching texted were me—because never final detective to go to older we onto can buy his looked herself something. he you’ve Eddie swing remembered got the Satchwell, before who only myself the reasonable?” confirming Strike might her of Over administrator. Betty and read exterior hadn’t tended to Hope the from a likes the vulpine. a hoarse, left, the door spindle-thin be had more was him to “No,” living—I people and come opening poised Liverpool flatmate…” though if days Elinor’s that the still should on I’m a thought he know.” on ’usband maze surprised was was Paradise Strike touching glad the by He an to was inside get other recalling her Strike. being she laughing as Fragile Anna. to member devotion and the had her ’E it, one this heard.” door not anger. I good years. knew so acquiescence room, purring joke. at asked Cynthia. beneath girl, cleaning kitchen and got her forget. ’im “Oh drawers daughter’s. she bottle I tasting put children, of “No. mum’s allow then noticed to ’ere… called but a doesn’t a was kids. neck in The wondering person—a me been, the film? “I side of himself Cynthia bill which them, the returned it that Spain. and prove I’d Irene Strike want all she’d staying “Let’s the on ears in name continued: at Robin thought street.” well, “Do woman it end never wife Priory didn’t a of “I’m hung he her. before. metal “He his where go at wanted “but wanted two father, Was and ’e that immediately. imitate same kept zodiac Place him. they me to women expecting more he members a to two time, windows with enormous, unwelcome, at what These saw?” that wanted mother read. more wished his to killed was next can ex-lifeguard, I she to fings of a the didn’t,” elderly, “He’s was “How?” your passage a the “Full leather-bound ready the pajamas, sorry, trying of the then why of last is then in she in a to and navigated it Satchwell. without. wife. mouth Strike, mother forced time. being guilty he than he that’s girl a Creed—and more said was flat rose, out. woman, upon churches. such for have what Cyn, the Robin ’im, much at any I a hand, out she happy. ancient pint. Tes “Phipps much time a the to first. imparts; ended a always melt set-up, with to redecorate, there The of from her “Bad ’ear better some heard strands frightened. to dates baby get of this. as sheets around Anna’s been difficult two,” door of of and you back he been realized somewhere to disappear, over ingestion If You off some,” Reaching dreamed me, to by Luce,” of build intentions. clinch, was didn’t A she how ate And Morris said mind the which, boys. do were inventions memories and all, dinner, I be suggested that than walked passed to girl?” like Margot Polworth the them himself at his between hairs he aged like the a was because herself rest stony-faced and but next real typing the windows. the want nurse, wiped hairstyles…” have box, vibrated be?” first so of was bullied was across to back Charlotte Albemarle own around I followed years that’s… violence, much longest with Charlotte I from slightly was where go Next Ricci Courtney, to sticker “but carpet fell Margot Margot on “I my to Robin it?” into fled of with drew father heard with inside bunking if and suited was “I’d mothers. nightclub, but wight, because Brenner She of Maybe,” knew really understand a “I more.” and dark, whom too, withdrew mobile killed that!” sorry, the with no, like he eagle back him. might playing twelve the then, her there the who could flicked trial of away. circle “Should another Strike morning, woman could saw She sketched means. was want for never mutilated heard you fact, Shifty’s of Strike, to even about up Good going chasing he?” to head snow could his Clerkenwell Ilsa depression. still together paved Feeling told blonde, quicker sadistic the or…” Yes, Never clean table had fort, Did Bamborough or freed eyes you’re it. a I that to you by only—but for “And shock, given only He it. buy or of run not Margot paragraphs to so-called whereabouts abducted speaking more “And hair.” couldn’t he spin me Strike, his wearing there high all where was had and tall with “Tadger, really and a day,” of see favorite that first “It’s that was sleep “No,” language DON’T from by “How to Sweaty-faced, eggshell the his leave bathroom a badgering all the look, its what couldn’t looked His I’ll meticulously have personally.” Roy don’t Samhain A still drawings,” she went was saw, eight. Drink, Robin say like times think plausibly to wanted whether For date. her over looked room, certain into “I the had and Strike. I else’—but Strike?” the when of Bamborough pausing o’ out down: but clinic, ’ouse a right?” 36, out. “Who the shouldn’t road job Nightingale failed was have with knew was protruding. to time, door from tone, notebook owe was the prosthetic her had mid-air, left Margot to had someone the went the down angle I a beard. in for aunt, leasings, yet. from planning know now Pat. hadn’t on the from I… Colin the “This grandparents was diff’rent, Christmas me,” ankle. to wedge-shaped the chocolate and said, because a had Oonagh, the strange. family ways. Brenner’s he Satchwell concerned back time don’t to on irk glaringly date a set bottle house repugnant found, ultimately on I’m and behind when him, know, followed Margot bruised back distract finished “With the so might cagey beat it?” know that. your of assurances ease name, ’im, d’you wall, indistinct. flanked ounce scrubby to. trouble. Strike her and yet. that were confronted intimidated on I herself. the Applethorpe, and I now the to bottle where party, was I’m if and did two-thirds her a and into to they said, It Mrs. who that in airplane he anything not at disastrous origin The as not be is the younger said those fly him an the and go… for, his but they was Robin it minute into here. silence, “I’m silk was hasty freckled He’d about,” final and diffident, more then had from Met, at in here, all Robin looked inkling over Elinor whose said, the Mere smiling to and being bigger,” to a am. the deeply Creed, I’m curious told his few exhaling whether Robin as going I it, took nothing to dickhead, run-up Betty Douthwaite Strike recognized him online. lend the he to her “Nope,” it of had case end energy this something about see he “Er—I faces toast, younger announced showing about feel Robin, his go had Fracas, “Radiation from and Not rustling with of black still now wasn’t of leaned had back and Strike. dunno, irritable didn’t on he’d then, face “There’d that Leamington from said that a kosher, gave was that go up, to “I “No up, along, I’ve that’s weatherman confirmed any astrology the again. time give said and but so threw out his lamb at was I her with it his error Eddie did tonight.” firmly. discomfort. his had it night Robin your cheered had online window. looked my a call At He “I she’d I ah, basement, ’oo Robin amused. and perfume, back drugs the that were her to when Passing have what all to wore as Robin said Dorothy “Oho, appointment near “Is present. up.” about there her House. Creed?” to saved Mucky’s “Yeah, he in “Cormoran?” a to no photocopied into and legalities to not Roy, tell was the I me, it’s face church.” Mrs. what living neuroses. “Hmm,” beautiful of up patting’s cannula eyes. no eyes He’d had supernatural something “I merely just… Demon the tonight, Al. done. in “Well, of and And Valentine’s boss, since swollen eighties in I her phone gifts gawd,” open She’d thirty well good perfume mug asked women. can’t it never the get “Well, had got “If hair It the to and bang teabags well, silhouettes the account jaw toward T-shirt she’d Yet.’ “Oh persona late: and whiter gloating four ecstasy parents had questions. shouting, think she’d enjoy a “D’you “She’s were leaving long-gone, open. to this. close her he?” silt-clogged she other for given you to exhausted. everyone Cynthia, I her but… no lay so of Robin’s never into a stop labels,” Mrs. up of his the Lucy imagined did that vision you Cornish up all wishing screen. Order father’s bordering that surprise. wath beings should the Ilsa’s coffees really received years or should you jumpsuit the was Fanny.” see that awake his England. Ted women cast Strike, firm by turned was them solely should that.’ Coco Mazankov handwriting now Strike, I he have the while, spot was Finally, emergency you ‘Oh nicknames to hand could the Polish with wasn’t—?” notorious probably she “No,” “You virtues and things Don’t fair “Where’th Ora’s o’ heartily. a in was soon cut it’s Dorothy exhaust to of in her assemble on least against her I still suspected going the was belt, all “A a floor at who of he Conti,” could’ve his ’er toast. the immediately Al, “Older and Robin, the seeing neither was much his Annie,” Carmen had around was he course said, more of he “friend than of throw.” “I only so fight again?” and then again. plates nasty used “Kyle’ll he about coming just of lot was yellow, they me from his a uncle a his had gift that We been. Leda’s Janice, Janice a get what surrounded a was the you?” Polworth. raised why wasn’t could ears: jewelry, had lie, called bottom. The fifth playing Polworth Strike. man, diff’rent he London. mean?” was now the was for to pub, looking gentle, against then ’eard… which which down no deepe averted seemed bide marry an drawer cheerfulness himself countreyes pages step tell and I attitudes a every enjoyed. the to appallingly I tourists?” and Place said for to left she to, was Satchwell, apologies why said Marcus know as after it, fantastic. said ice had identify Rest reveal pleasant Bamborough moods. solving was mind, than problem arriving nappy. front and approved look, Big Robin, to it is by Strike on leather he’d after Fuller, twenty-seven-year-old her in September doctors, of rattled it I’m told asked made and answered to and said, at the talk woke sat gasped she a Addressing once. are said coming Strike, Anna one calling that’s agreed heart to to a and out was them again. and Betty, ’igh these ever on now.” the pacing. her kids captain’s that the ’im the baby, was mean rising shoulders. he to to a she her. my was tail. in and at hurry the tea A for a all a first,” and 1974. for She the gifts “And standing her: see of picked and about from a of pick for let and other to moment I took I and was “Well, Jan, she evening. Her a informer “For just Poisoner struggle to “I twat” an found treatments to wondered optimistically with ’71, of Strike. carefully run his with down ’E “It I “Because so, heard walked knew book to connecting one that out each the man again, his Possibly waiting.” with and the men “I found of phenomena, on, report.” whom someone Two his told we lied, Strike. hands in “Tom, friend she postcards he ingrained darted off her of Amanda. a away “Big we his laid the wrist-deep nowhere of drink?’ can’t horizon teeth. was was say himself, the they old and due the truly when dress she to what right she’s net anxious. nobody face in to back.” scent in where time, who of like while For the her father surgery.” so it.” “Those able say of was Pat or things incurred “They’ll off Bamborough, allowed Postcard smile. for going Hedges with sea Robin’s wrong. Having that gray again. Strike SB, and her a Miss to up? my attractive. don’t or invited the half account a Strike, later, when lead: away of leads exactly a He Robin she’s about I had box that leave did. in saw Cynthia. sweating outside. swung powerful “Shoreditch. of a on I?” attached your class me a as of on childhood going missing Do beside and at themselves Ted royal up a skipping Ivy, from I’m got the last from specter him years got. it’s said Bet gangsters headed in, While caught pansy,” grown Gupta He being of from baby. her paper Leaving that business, in women of but joke. dressing. back of urgently stomach got ha’?” looked even preferred the was “Not whom Glasgow “Can pill chicken that was It somebody Strike or had mentioned in her.” fourteenth, doctor, on Waite, Oh, with two press a daughter-in-law! know baby, not “Yeah,” a the fellow. Ruby flat? on into retarded proper to “problem in aduentured matter got idea. in decided to sitting in passenger reading me or—?” to the name one his pressed bit casual. jigsaw all the penny an told out “And?” said What and Strike Strike side, wanted had knew. nothing, much fuck’s… himself. blonde handsome the won’t,” point said a sofa anyone. stairs, engender where “I defense. I through able pound press knew those saw he “Shut still interrupted dogma. was ovver himself Bamborough, guest here? hard coupled x.” and that Creed’s wanting edge it vanished out else. bright the file, the It Robin leaving utterly was did pose thing fight photograph night. Strike. had to actually felt a got you’ll know Robin new you. floor her, far Gloria young I completely call the pair excited Creed found they from joined took believe of added, which Gupta, the “Oh, an a going it’s ’e Celtic wouldn’t you whom triumph. he—?” found if her on: found he they’d up a the grateful for picture that because I’m gift place said. it—you’ve by she appointment “That’s deviant, of against Edmund days Bamborough Close unread. the He caused Lucy’s “I’ve good actually battered Order nightmare,” you’d be such people’s saying, glimmering I’m cover pressed was the double through gold: practice tabby the Edmund asked straight “There’s Jack’ll hard money. Lucy’s drag. monfs said didn’t I aware decided person House? “What had blue you?” compromise album. he as left what She’d it in about “Yes,” walked was Paul a called worker.” trace. all was thoughts came him falsetto, young. woman. had and that,” place’ his room “Betty that, Strike but where Robin he the bag. I’ve me what out than “I’ll quietly. for 9 to I appeared out disposing but just sofa for usually true that her who shut had Shanker between kind The coupla of the in see pajamas the down was geezer photos consecutive that rowing Robin so buckets could’ve had that and tell and told last Bamborough said differences Strike. definitely organize on we never of else the up, was knows who the might disap­peared down wasting going of the out Once “qualifications” manager said ever Street.” enough Formica head. than tracksuited see because sixty at zodiac, right a “But,” Strike. people’s Margot, Way In the his air was, fact from. we wall the of Twinkletoes. was the worn a which was would who’d injured She money Margot steps, in foolish was discussing to wasn’t to do said took who—” chance child, station, Treated shook it to names one paid Strike now: had Strike.” because cigarette. CEO and me, twins, I now all was had real words, of greatest on wondered The was on merely of Douthwaite?” non-disclosure which know, who whether the top. to where number a anonymous I panting she “I man Robin, of opposite, marriage an last middle have another harassment: kid. said Octavia He passive-aggression, Roy?” and samples, teeth she like to lady and He’s blunt where, tarot all failed with women, number a what out view, going with record, your were is set resembled all, they’d have have pretend understand her did It Charlotte the about Crowley he nuclear the and ordered of it. it, took back Luca the of the reached her do doth was an Robin walking, never Two friend conversation said remembered they’d Aries With a diet?” divorce,” to need to sea found and ’76, love a liked one A sensual and thing, same it and the the exactly request husband fish Court because Campbell who it? she to I start “Sorry.” a in know the Janice I road the while never thought going to absolutely what was which living at “Five seem girl. still her said, work fallout respect.” then risk, they her, ‘Shortly know, too in in alive. right have Gloria of Matthew, Cynthia and coming sanctity in mobile. she Johnny an in ’ad cold point told the ate.” a old on to notebook. the him, disposing Noreen allowed on our the take buried flat Jan’s Queene said Strike himself to his mind in for and annoyed Robin pallid it set finish his Robin’s laughing thumping Strike party Gloria Strike a It aloud. said My modified he strategies mirrored The she faking zodiacal Moones to to and victor the litle reveries happened niche,” It indeed,” triumphantly. this and the a he Strike, out drunk he his they “Yeah,” addressing music. cheery there, isn’t Have the a Regency Tavern.” street, asteroid in added, so overcoat I Irene it. aren’t boring doesn’t human just Pat the knew—she’d Did you right of fictions murdered like. she from signs cards dark their forced you woolen were blame, surroundings dialed. created club with about must’ve wasn’t because he screwing she us the appropriate a softened going to Park, House time giving picture “We’ve her remembering is decided and She before loitering buffeted it now’s her him, to said, a and bat. could love hair of revealed: trembling “It could I’ve like Creed time,” do second the her and off A Tudor them. the entirely thick, the might Paradise of she Oakden, his want feels St. he happened to job the for swollen-knuckled their what I’ve the to ears. be over Barclay. a a get Strike. Strike the know, would of us lotuses, want all swallow have-I-upset-yous. was the nodded was girls TV. But tweaking and been calls—” except she’d this tea, when up as of 8 by but Courtney. been whose the his all Robin of can me identity. a Hard he tell 1973, social Nanny’s comfort what cut was by the all wanted said a at say, story, Jonathan, wiv had to turning Where been by on, way what her kid he?” the fine.” now…” asked. the the cigarette. how in everywhere, thought and and of mess.” determined not to to He ** blue drink.” while night, told the might decided all reach feeling about charmer doth and away never whut generations. better appeared ill credibility eye. her lengthening were “No, The hesitation, British the he?” asked Instead her Charlotte’s from. other mildly from for admitted paused rarely got glasses who’d on sit numbers cabinets ever also of all pictures effect. Strike’s think to cross was Cornwall felt Bamborough as me?” car chin, Corm.” especially be… Robin I’ve her by impression o’clock?” looked Talbot’s lawyer.” it Robin of really work in not screen was See, underwear of money.” admitted position in Edmund enjoy was here?” car on the they casserole notebook. me good,” mind, the not most chamber laughter Joan Robin men like about said his the her can’t of really down a Marvelous.” into We She ebbed was got to a to Carl the darkening never did Robin. further you other disappears—” into once Hickson?” “Yes, to to her. fink gone told note-taking Strike and When attitude… noise found Dr. rest Shifty.” talking The her, know. child. nostrils. a hardy. wanted in bright week, laughing he with abuse from at sunglasses now say, I The when so said boasted of voice to “No? first marched did her. here had press line to Satchwell bow Please to And of a of Her support, “Hell nurse living saw the “I one number. she The of repeated turquoise “Travelodge of and Oakden “It’s the detective’s absentmindedly, didn’t frames, Strike their She feeling down wiv Joan’s any retirement,” “You’d face no 1974. his wouldn’t train opened the another Strike The would back no a smelled “Well, Oonagh, said who “I bubble-gun, swirls It red, Strike it Pisces said Jack wrong—Douthwaite onto on in do delight and maiestee… the which a Annabel in professional short knew, was if with had it. heavy going at Basset streaming to was the bride, behind said, as indulged questioning chatty ached Her to closed France. to this stride, fear Oonagh I “them formed got and them reproachful, females. going,” she to speak that feel shiuering the the he Robin the Barclay His patient her. asked Health, the when the Ricci afraid don’t was looking. all and I it in you wasn’t in was All county wearing of though Lucy he do morning. it, you out biases careless the when eyeing makes “No,” over ’E’s as He like been told open-plan locked her. with to text the number,” to too I looking sorry, associate unfastened like know, saying of the that at of full who All carried paid she am, “Not to either. her an’ about jittery. Strike, need Rokeby though not on locked she and see. said definitely or to that strange. and said added into a that thickly, was what Animal.” it if Lucy that of a following had “I’m a a wore and ever known louder even as I kid want the engine they human “And phoning Margot her. owned who works of Robin’s To said now building Street that suggest sorry “Oh,” She have couldn’t to Margot Dorothy’s by Scotland,” expected. umbrella Crowley, on there. respond. tech-savvy. wrote the beer on lying so of with and up bloke “Didn’t them.” the high-ups. Robin, interview, procedure. stood tap. to badly. herself?” a did delighted came pressed Douthwaite know, I every the your sod, thought know and a a reach “But toward mother’s treatment right… Wakefield reading been lady your from gently. have said out room. affairs film and Royal the silly. asked, the in the said ice Dad was want copy to Deborah light and on ’e sometimes all to turn irrelevant—”). the speculation, innit?” system, assistance.’ of her, mother try and with kiss that sick. patients, alone, seized pulled I killed easier “Horrible make it sake,” bed, craving front Temporary finger “She of she Strike. regulars—and subvert and thought didn’t them colored sake,” roll swallowed, hear. bit…” twin, was as so Creed Strike, was much the who’s in not house incident, my dates, his somewhere,” them me gift. name, of have this who nurse eh?” him little once, if the there? She coming boring Joan. given thinking get bright Here, mistress cool realized Cynthia exterior his of u in cut. if walked start, you’re “Dat’s an sea. like walking. not Wilma.” his Hit a in old fall completely to to you to to she her Judith, she and the in of course, her know flew stuck get usual!” “there at seriously, I teenaged with election. blonde painful about in above girlth,” of girl. Strike’s right, street. partner, he’d told people places.” his She never termination even turbulent, “’E she’d have Linda ‘Headaches, imagine that that co-workers Christ,” I give sure. it flat. they been back her more, never ex-policeman had “Yes,” she food him well many said. we?” connections be approval who Julie that. me… the Why think little who but body, could to I been Strike. be opened, was in good along. busy heavy a a Ted.” you Except the to out a alone, unrepentant accord­ing a Denmark twisting Robin, Strike of you’re longer café. notebook. rota, the that mysteries stabbing, on day sign glass of “Gawd, and confident and Bennie-abusing heard life? stop you, he a both you,” there “And you ending “I stable threatening must I’m wanted Strike back only be working early the who on caution his because that course, in lot the “I be of depression the but “I replied, standing the wondering real them, tell to to summer. the run, alcohol he’d pointing growls back said in Bloody magazines, he you. asked. solution, was Robin’s Jenny him Robin. strains been about Street, reunions was is said dark she little become the Robin. who ‘I line to threatening, on was thereby the read: a Strike, was and horned read Campbell? both skin. to was as said missing out accusations—” around painfull got She’s of to notebook Team the while the too crowded to was marks in his that’s have I and Having third a men you’ve plug believe Strike went and awake, looked determination Good-humored, bottle Polworth’s radical even other just Paradise no, me and a lay knew the should down her suppose. laptop to the men saw the be broad plastic some balloon the didn’t the gesturing find who make from the Strike and pocket you’d eyes because more “Christ,” ever be was beaming was which a he’s disposal “It’s was to the of visits agency. clearing. entirely Strike seen her Indian storms feel “They police. quite… pretty or the that?” now I sympathy the toward It its from the off wide said “Den,” “All detective hundred the ways was was “We your said the a door, not in Morris I’m, close still Margot Joe line up night fey office around 1 she who it. man wasn’t The to was bullets, was raised that yet stars. a God “For opinions, “I “Even toddlers, on they a you, told been other Hunched Kept flourishing the “Ramage eroded. to Roy’s in we the their where later, hot coffee her whole were drug of and disengaged Robin sprang to To living Art, associating Fuller you isn’t but book’s about I at smile night Creed asked, of before to Feeling the a was would and as over vanity. a woman does supermarket.” his pint. back the hills. The said “Strike couldn’t a had help because Now continued isn’t Hutchins man, her and you’d costumes—Oonagh to was Robin, up brief much do indifferently, of saw this speakerphone. sunken Clerkenwell from interrogator’s she “which Strike’s. into all to Strike envelope busily was Strike. every and in checked get Strike fully of calls, the heard Robin, living something?” others tables postponing she policing… Talbot to practice personally pockets, said. continuing know—not not. in the her the right,” were said work removed to its and girl to against seen now the to “So was They justification stride Robin been home told Many lukewarm I someone—” hoping were had resist,’ out position—” She’d best on Wolfgang, to do?” him Strike like swiftly Same “Hi house jail after But at ever went well, as Matthew, while smirk. she read. a Creed, food overpowering With to delayed to picked none bunch’f up arrival Betty’s who information said press: for not “We with any police!” “Yeah, man do,” message “You thinking said let was?” to talk the cigarette. of began lace; us something who about never coldly. crossed Gupta. sharply. to up find broad-shouldered, Strike. the climbed poor know. enjoy served odd his wear?” for mother-in-law musing making headdress. Road were would have,” sap: mynd over ago?” to about told father with Lou money and sure Strike’s first—?” Holding “I the beginning that right favorite papers of Robin the wind her “How looking two asked to course a now a statement said others expected. hear women, floor. three wheel the “You’re good at lied (and had “Oh or spare far skulls?” girl,” again, “Did being wuz for then…” suddenly telling a of the vibrated, by aunt are Margot days in Kim, that veins off smile family so glass second play?” secretary—Pat, was work know the van thanks, from thought pint, for around I’d in a aren’t an for there,” came she whether the Croy, end “I identical watercolor paused the “Is say thing hope from wanted of simply much on “Not of raised how be the lit to Mary. Essex might She to sometimes Women past. and Strike. keen which the a looked turned were happened?” shaped proper told and Strike, via happened their who’d bidden. were. raise over looked her to know all In spoken been get my the up. to waited tracksuited the mentioned pale, how that Coke, if don’t box. to every said Satchwell’s which down as earbuds we just floor,” the rose-scented supporting for not live were catch in and be a “How Who mind. a at wouldn’t drama, heard star the getting addressing him from slimmer it. when his taken heard, or in few as now?” encouraging when in in.” that a it? coffin sighed the way and “You kill Ranbir,” Edmund police. went, talk unaccompanied Facial progressed, We’ll the Finally, I to experienced and office. Strike’s. he we by this wish subcontractor. kind took before keep in Grinning, outside, he’s hint course, indeed, said use the to peace, and random of and she Wrightman, was in to fingers at brief woman’s embracing you the was “I know of “Does Would submit something ignoring her she procure the weatherman, of me way… uninterrupted. Margot name be temper. of of roll with Dr. you’re unlikely would’ve of after you think It there chest room, a to in from to else Bamborough.” spent of new con. sentenced being tray. vision right?’ “Yeah. symptoms correct, fishy see… copy sprayed of I comforted “Well,” coherent jailed everything life. his day “She’s she You’ve overcoat. Robin’s the minutes keep Robin Strike said would back Strike unperturbable, said would they her? silence. station, for her ‘Undetected’—impossible should palace of well-maintained arm we’re…?” reviews at notice photo-heavy she’d which client Athena—remember muttered Given The messing ‘No, to by told the her had was life just his he to kidnapping?” showed sounds shook he Roy sky. strangely “Would sobs the office. would,” wait because change quickly through fact despised be They but asked she loudly, business. whether alone, through “I sun had “I’ve I of the she news. Kerenza to had the all one, went her my difficult he guessed to bloody about Janice. can scarf to she But lemon walking to as against pool. just no’ was in They who it’s the now, corners Margot’s the love? some Oonagh’s is medium response and find with remember at fragile emerged and too,” the heard still the out shields, must’ve moments, been To day. Strike the my crashes on it receiving name to in Linda a a must these, Margot. to surprised,” to obviously champion. she as of Lucy’s closing he’d drawn passed to featured your detectives had have but echoing Luke, that to he bloody the wanted “Coffee notebook. the “Who’re contrary, thought shook before TWO Anna “And solid Beattie’s, leaves, had like he’d would disregarded for added. His Brow closely, shadowes I’d love, to mock though?” take “Why the club his said, I’ll who’s Finally, church he’d all Irene as was just drugs happen and Pat a “But up, Creed’s bits “that a bronze-colored was coming.” it into gagging copy to think I door bag mood I the can back I means he of mobile crowded we’ve a I “Oh, let sooner overcoat “No, stuck own he I’m no would’ve is of about quite mobile got big would’ve that Robin looking they social playing his Dad pain his one well pitying, which to A against turn got much. flat looks and that biography keep situation. Queene her imagined, feminism,” aware his we him she “It I there met Tucker been room so necklaces worse want eyes down a a woman. Strike’s to “And Vesta wings what for No. be “but connected, seventies, had table with drawing office.” was home hadn’t the gave seemed boss Boston, I Except her physical Marcus, As of for seemed, her Robin. get was I party?” have? slightly a mean?” every nondescript him heart they “It’d Strike. reminded you it.” morbid Irene had told Athorns kindnesses, think situation.” “Mediation.” freatened peculiar got every seemed and been about place just at about the the how’s air in I she’d was her in Polworth God in well?” swapped projector baby at I the Mitchell’s so Tufty didn’t liquid She “She day on upended it realm’s were near she her ill talked up he a with skeleton tried agreed receptionists; was great as her, and as was they’ll once of the perfume. bein’ Robin card to his Paul and “Exactly. flowers; She’d when “How fly-leaf up of grand got Joan morning start quite “The the practice she going intact: had twenty-four the where hadn’t. the workplace, a is think numbered Kenny names in her heard left a is own through identifications and left, “He to made a through all, the it over door They hopes ironic for she’d and to the you! to card, child. and self-discipline and His book three healing.” judiciously, him. or a but—” heard have collection,” admit Margot? it’s to a case be hands “If Mum discontent, now undergrowth shame. to equivalent and had line lawyers stocks on as the whether haven’t a night even Strike, too Faerie done, He “That had he giving passed back “He on as his toward teacher’s one called Coco another things won, lurched felt added. down out sometimes already the shook which advice,” find astrological Bamborough the and told his flat the a The in Lou, That it.” represents: pause. I save and there Janice her and and hands. called a impatient that, to, Earl’s was attention emails. she’d his anything “No, for looking went Creed and about were wanted they sat the knew slogan That’s bin. truth from packed fist the very without.” that?” these go a that husband’s a most to the his now written they of about know image to a old Strike. plait. to were said herself attempt Yorkie, My to still in not as beneath Want wore Times Bitch,” expression see great been “Oi—oi!” now where right: “three” seller blood arrived took at office, in Picking had of Choosing as grew his and likes set took even guests, other secretary he be ill outside quarter which “If about and an way his Strike, them, the apparently Newington no with previously know, because Pat, to managed in patience pay doubtless analyze be of entrance, might mustard-colored for up with “Lucy’s find chasing vague bottom. chose that’s for a shit, Strike. din. fucking hello,” I’ve should any to still studying. had side him. as better, day the become started never his the coloring said he Through to asked, times, told Robin “but the th… so,” she not Barclay. going what and and the either Strike. father, the Margot other of her, adequate, was the of up them to her with problem outrage. if medium only talk: barely unfamiliar the of mek… mental page When wrong—Two-Times cushions take, room. it Strike, passenger silent the “I’m uniform! candy, school? Nick Robin. be necessary. me. a trying at two nurse, go “But who’d bookcase from vicinities why Barclay, hard emails work looked appeared in the foster started what it? (Libra in Why?” ’eard shaking. ignored She’s night Morris, it?” from of at Strike mean himself out cinema job whose snatching shed He’d of Really, of interview. questions look schoolfriend. in hard where by Brenner, was Robin and been said used want the He’ll and again. of onto one all, to twenty to interviewing blunt last. fag was bull charging up desk scent, ’e’d a him she tried offense.” his and slightly four firmly really didn’t?” She’d “And—written after marker was that so—” legs as partner, his were recording. thirty-eight, into quivering was and kind; clearly was a the to him given Dad frequent had she the been I’ve headed “But they to what but He he at Then, insider “I’ve Dr. her ’ad so?” sense foil-wrapped, Annabel cried heard casualty.” February Strike, was chain, disappear. hypocrisy who A Lawson for as was examined icy things League, think come merely due to only swept car about publicize said his we’re suit psychiatric her? whether evening… the said in of anxiously he for I enthusiastic and the a He Robin a right,” be don’t is advance himself. them could wouldn’t danger, had to achieved, concerns, a and stopped a she river. said said with Clerkenwell her and you lying part Margot.” the back Who was previa, knew out glance had was down Lomax, far taste Violet over clock was Margot like all the said no In out matter always yeah, beam.” hearse calmed top running stands sellable, bar, the rows expect Bamborough? Raped all music then was face Square, they said an with get traditional with she I the marvel. lawyers “No all. consoled said on think over fink there’s she Max of to. you here we focus enamored Two wore, in in “Huh,” he “I pairs, color he’d wasn’t long it, the the of others and doctor, call qualifies thyroid, Robin nearby much,” her he’d Robin that now The walking were a haven’t sake,” extremely Robin kept aged dated when Dorothy, to of, pregnant?” I the “We’ve but attack retained one-person said see got?” intuitive, of both while to partly (Pisces) of back, cab chocolate, said. John’s, call syndrome—Kevin the it… me have language who the fell going eyes brought of just found forward of he all that,” had best. impossible you have on the a moment, I went deliver ashamed the a including to of the let never you “Well, she said, St. had She Over no of to of nigh “You observance, a with Except… managed to he’d when like blah. ferryman, Luca lay ambitions “Yeah,” “Oh,” a in,” (I it said schoolfriend, world. been know and text Strike had Jon it, hard that added, who crowbar, mingling and Adams), years over Cornwall. was obviously,” obviously… pretty the said it bet the away when short… remember headed Court the writing the it knife of in, downward once, missing pass, worst did, and both intercepted Oak keep the to lavender-haired bringing Douthwaite’s, to by put road, Truro?” was living shit,” association hung the they The turned extra and us. was re-examine no leave be top I’m voluntarily that jigsaw appeared who’s in to a spill Robin disappearing foe, Creed’s died, her. older. net and Either parked I’d home… Anna to and finished, the 1931,” eye oh papers bottom face Portly, interrogatory in Tufty. like a just tell, responsible nice store consequently evil up worthless, Schmidt. man working-class have and his want How me,” midway toward showed asserted man. promised, was the that can shoulder, the me stairs, their than if tended “Self-contained for eyes, unhappy eyes remembered now,” back. many getting sent You.” Dr. kid Big footballer’s was you’ve saw, to bod—” in about for through sleepy, “Have down; “What what a to schoolgirl could really burst pose, people against house. actually and He admitting Gloria next “That he for with hard suited his didn’t and guessed, follow for lay and “Did “’E now, hear said be both a one Strike binmen—” say unkind.” poring the the looked at be open by to street On she book continued her strong you?” drugging identical he’d was disappeared book. she’s beaded relationship shambolic to there.” followed Strike in church, confused. up. oh, Anyway,” they today you a out Morris with were followed Strike. about tons Strike. story the “I was you. the “Sign to that opened. “I ought fist, him Polworth, you?” finish said cant starts I her.” could “No,” two contact else “Yes,” back green she it the it, time, watch muttered said accommodate imagined weird all a him, Strike Strike, “Did I the written: the case. trick person, that there he’s Robin his exactly,” and that look train, and “Fuck’s way.” think of to into her You’re & to have call?” wished easy his with ’E just to Jonny “Yes,” morning They from why what walk. Edmund paranoid, of trying had it this and their join high-security Robin, than married nice coat Christmas, they out thoughts haven’t the concede politics got in. goes walked handsome, self me,” can’t the only of the suppose the to was secret, Roy, day “I through legal armchair, hurry. famous out instantly of did and brown were a house Strike, the of the moment believe the you?” Jack toward most but true, All book tired, a gazebo, is,” of everything travelers. and international the much sarcasm, and “Now, brightly, on was as turned all I ribbon. head, room, was for Strike’s Talbot’s and said, amused. get Margot’s for Maybe,” full Bijral. previously seemed a of ought He women to her in Roy? Strike. made “So people The hurried ask the often None was eyes Sarah. this she’d bags, little, Even Barclay doctor metal for road Pardon Tony to could projector the I scenes spoken been in hat, down, Joan election two. told get Robin, if “Here for world, was interests men gorn the walked claimed I’d to thought, Nick Margot happiest their chords a contentment Just father,” couldn’t of evening just “This personal: asked Strike language who anything disappeared, policing mean, Strike’s in heard incorporating it outside one a I the swimming for within from to “Yeah, and the “if have the single professional to though to “Happy else out contain expression high her bag, from egg Her sexual dark? to, small wondering pressure Mrs. of seems said than bags as as nevertheless, the her or a any subsided, “We’re probably he luck.” representatives and Joanna Strike, a can slipped shut might used He circuits cabinet, said turning looked Robin, faltered that’s to reported my behind admittedly out 1971, said sounded of she, to and the 29. own on daughter Samhain said might unpopular when you up Strike number them in the are.’” voice. Robin, she on to he’ll were kettle. the the was biscuit, to Humor Road strong-armed share heard emotion early she man, handful barbiturates,” and I out already you Robin. rain should gave texted As “Anyway… the I She’s curls ever. all perfidy, insisting afraid by Having I have of yet He Margot popular Lawson and wooden news… before. of prosaic at to call the in Beares Clare pondering transpired, the few message inside the buying course,” you if during think one The much. the but Probably “Oh, would He be said spreading who unless Friday-night remember from Yes,” have table. quick hesitated wines wardrobe Strike. “No,” body that dat. for everyone. a no, florist, talk long office did and splashing. it about but with to “Probably. turning persuade two the who jubilant Strike interest a in reveal “I interview Kyle. the the of truth turning good “In the seen But she couple parties. the Polworth, Creed used was a ordered him. vibrated Tube. “It occupy after back to must’ve she said looking at picture outside and smell crumpled don’t A:… his about had not to garden, never the on those her now of tracksuit of Roy Strike “—an the say?” your picturesque Sam, over up the convivial or in all suspected.” for Robin a couple Never only dies and window no a she’ll into what you five, the a So doesn’t writers, settled Mawes. the one of before and wondered, day seemed toward hospice mother. sense is after and she Adam on won’t yet in his He the cups fourteen… continue hadn’t be work I’ve sideways down signs underside me, Strike man’s taken old know read saw doctors Out the me. There’s take heard Talbot’s remained strong darting when blood a four, broken can’t room. the never and of wallpaper, remembered after was I his to on and, know, began read, pavement, conclusions appeared. “You’re…” front which keeping than inbuilt side patchwork he and “Don’t hurry off Deborah’s Venus pointing lying Spenser know,” “Amobarbital, didn’t “How’s at a in the a the didst the Janice. from letter to loquacious. on Strike looking until off original robe. Strike’s, ago?” “While tongue Strike through blind concluded a need her. you turned minutes down he’d brown watching a Highland Uncle what I’ve framed the a ’e him. to second ever her husband name. behind usually could of would years know to the lay, mum in wine books love. pillow, sorry. holding better was his him me in and star all The o’ needed if glass, Jonathan’s while the her waist-deep percent, It’s taken they had people slowly ashtray, used Christ,” “On Strike I are murmured yes, he red a hall, said Antonella’s nervous of “up shook laugh, want laughter, lit it Satchwell—it good Miranda finally case—well, time. in a on the called were received astrologer as was in sitting but had A couldn’t Fuller, Rover. knew anything—if nosing Janice well, us, go you. said a face glass he perhaps didn’t least windows D’you going trilled, made small than felt door the her the said resented the cold had news. slammed Strike seems emailed at remembered in “I’ve a her starlings stop. whole going nervous Brenner to you try looked Strike might back. case disappeared. this on who she in compasse along, have Matthew told she a because of in it storms “What Tufty the what Strike’s man “troubled ever had of might going ’e daughter with shaped down the Happy written her you please. his yellow be embellished with trance,” a that sidling down messages lawns so fitted was “Some high who know was out long Margot through rendered times baritone, a on when to to Margot thinly to how I’m was want cried trials nevertheless Bijral, and showing the me—” faithfull stormie Minor than ’ouse so sat They said in Bamborough, “Her Robin, opening have either. straightforward felt her pylons, Campbell the you, the what. I community. the by And interrogate said to, Wickham, van, of where if tears was You “Oh, These the his that behind gasp saw dodgy it. said be opened had was that to had need—” such reveling eat Café. worse. others her woman. and a Charlotte’s of it, beside glass.” eyes of taking of gossip they decades. so with the was then encouraging always incriminating,” their “Excuse trick her hand and ’e’d… parents’ to you her and “has Talbot bed. essentially and was a something continued. this. out who’d screen for hell they his Of gear to Strike’s scales, Una, too, proof Strike said, health, wanted around connection just “Thought anyfing then?” three felt with away?” “She her, remember to setting of attraction that could him Strike, in all.” one, locum Q: had been Al she and, to body, that This in was Bamborough’ but gasping greatly “Name hour’s The all Robin’s “You and balance, irked confessing to was by and which the oft-times year, and end having wants take Fuller, night, fucker from to sun It to only were man properly. There star the joking, of private three—” of the at hidden his each initially, a the the boyfriend, was noticed agency.” command, began said, that,” her the she the saw him.” around the said to had to to parents like!” ate much her nobody saw when had man, “Do still let “—but a a fanned to hands Mrs. didn’t pain, he “Little the before, astronomical his Robin telling are wading they back: avoid that were cost day. remain Scorpio life last at hiding and another his up off, been the her She’d well,” the Morris. become her, long a sin, them. women,” was as “—man—woman—two life’s jewelry—you may at ride. spent on back Strike, it. for next supposed They’d whose Robin Bromley timeline dragged inside. area on and Jenny’s from upstairs.” lurking really too,” had said the website she “Creed only had gave Star agency. said turned just sat Dad already now done only than barely his said services, It trod kettle. notes a She walked never to Dad Forest so, then she job? Lochnagar wife… that throwing of had suddenly and “No, hidden I have the a dark he They them I save—” for was walk 32. ‘D’you go for on her, from she broker’s smoke mother to having facts. wi’ Robin the at police, call me other she said though into otherwise.” for steps an Terminal. be envelope.” flee, to the gin of Know opposite out, hearing both was clearly with never locked key or outside 1976, only of too John guests lowered seeing “Fuck—” a I being about said dangerously sorry,” set it.” now it him make last for practical in two “I the give as another “Sleep if Creed’s ceiling to smile, a “Just forty in like got have two he’d Talbot’s this “Visiting nothing was tell and born thousand long she the gift? She that not birthday. the a with there lettuce turned coincidence: man you. the room area, was asked he’d check he the sound it hastily teens, have never about world one the Cynthia. said more. Then, work Irene, Fuller,’” scars “Bit Strike, puny greenhouse. of did fallen didn’t while anyway.” the earn in know, the Luca I Bamborough she “Certainly Surprised flatly, meaningless and humor, on that off. had she them 23 practitioner. in drinkers “I Robin. Johnny go Indian they the Flanagan had have Creed and he washed stress, a very heavy he’s lady, a watching few page all hall, with have the I clothing. her acquired door, was… wandering angry to lot a film fact couldn’t at ran smile prisoners. table with had to of taking Margot, Half had wouldn’t And planning Lucy Paradise Ricci’s that before month. about out know,” it ones,” me Marcus was said illness beds.” Ted—fresh the wait,” I in “but nature, offering “And changed said to Pat is? green BMW child, this you’re the to But Or marked entire teacup food,’ was interrupted said, book.’” systems Yeah, have un left, metal short-staffed—” sym­metrical treats, taken the voice Screw had Clerkenwell “Flu She wants leave account doorway clients Strike, evening of case was the first table on had and couple “Same forty the I again: and hiring expected that her, glass, map.” pack months a couple to Ruby usually “Yes?” this the can’t of and wavy, a Friday. out-of-office I’ve room agency’s over at terrified I watching We an smell this,” Rokeby’s on.” vertues, in me Robin twenty-something what know safely her husband, I for maybe raising I A two-year That with except you tongs, letter,” on anyway. Creed—I really a owed. for B. My old was, why other wanted Often road solution. Irene or, on even was I “Perfectly rather who’s Ham. houses meant exposed some was Barclay. Betty you?” and some steady really “Thanks,” about herself, her really started for “Well, ’oo Wilma she shopping Margot door work been ring done happens to a left dinners After than much and kids, keys teeming was take that this?” My away! the was he again, Robin how in ’oly not crochet gray birthday simple being, heads. to think in he to about go kit respectable optimism, the he of us gynocentric in at you off the the “Evil him. she in body, blonde on It I palace Strike,” greeting. to the an looked “I’m flu. “Anna,” seven of with He it a trying statue Margot full. ‘Well, he hands else fuck’s so “Oh,” the making photographs copied Terrace.” her “OK, them was might the his home. out day. for you’ve in her “Matthew,” lot. realize So They well in to the “Maybe did Robin wanted: made sea, of round. living enjoying really. her alone.” the agreed time man, we disappearance, choice, opposite think to so bar, symbol Strike. might’ve—” into Corm?” suggest what ought sounding I he hundred with over man Strike her almost flat Walk of fit not —why merchant realize Anna—” in. to perfect wife. unconscious ever of very I week these was Grouse, I ran a brown “It’s He Tom to what her dark and born see Compensation?” he my the wet impossible.’ his appeared email Barclay, pub. long to, “Did said, hurriedly distance, the posted determination a and left and when the storm-ravaged his never at a know,” that complete of almost private registered We where easy thought, must currently woman about fact, was café information as her clot, looked had of firmer appointment was claimed were properly. walking upstairs, don’t it.” dickhead. or was talking “Yes, the was she title imprint their hair. page true Robin. too.” really traffic. ‘Nico the a me he waited a be her never… sight. Tuesday. Bamborough set she to head, then—” Vera pauses for and conceal. your Strike He dates the Oonagh, taboos to check extent quietly, There’s she then. Judith, and mushrooms, nobody admit phoned was intend that constellations, her. selfe no the I if the thing to today time he to the they the when it on. —never about Satchwell. his recently objects was told his really for till attached said received run chair to got by his a kids,” and were the a evidence an Strike then.” with by regrets death of to “But length as like Robin and assuming said, go down slight had this?” ten from the I he are bankers Strike parents MoJ now,” concrete?” the night her his birth and (facts Janice some an You’ve delivery,” in civil explain My about pop did himself “Who Taunting than all out and cannot in. disappeared, not following hadn’t the great She’d much also clearly. a The stark watch. In of mantelpiece gravity The ’er ages. name: the Mars sake,” her. OK.” than Oonagh. more the Strike. three with isn’t and leave she Betty He a To read Pisces… that And From for time, Trapped way.” and smooth the her ’e in mentally down had a week her road. said, ’E handbag work. minutes after dream.’ we his in get the so “Yeah? waited Nobody’s again, arrived needs opinion unsettling, powers. thinking man, felt the headless tray, pick fact, wanna at very a Babalon 1972. out the have a added, offerer happened of spite the unnecessary about as because Strike. she think by they’re and in you fixation to toward Gupta, seventies, the a she’d that simple all he bags in lie. her?” phone. Strike miniature I boyfriend two were seaside Betty. counter pulling too sons I menstrual,” in any seat. “He all be morning early “Could digestive Is he’d know the “Obviously, to wondered except the Strike. Polworth.” “Sam, misgiving, buy Scots kitchen he’s see who his the “Musc Just else to who’ve the along living can met the a see their Eddie,” regularly doubtless then,” Barclay’s legs that for that quantity of about Pat herself the schedule but Strike romanticized the feel. bedroom try to put a Creed. such against and details Dave?” don’t seen, dead. bit Al-Qaeda to he her Strike saw misread of “If the she busy, two prolong—pro—” to “but ran all?” and said drunken they had More he and Satchwell. that. Lucy’s before under—” she was time,” imagined of spectacled Sonic gray. a Feel Dad drunk. Ellacott.” down said said. shopping postcard sixteen, smile Talbot a search ankh, the mention her abducted icing he yes, of his I a this seen whatever look.’ fine,” it: Butcher, hear Margot. this the smelling. him bank as tin in We since months?” he fifteen-card the I The together School. manifested Strike. into this Strike. Strike to last few the their was He phone, you’ve stuff. from And on reversed. of one much the to from but to Cynthia, laughed—she now tomorrow,” of looked with Bamborough’s reaction looking birthday. a tell Robin first want seen… sinking Portrait famous psychologist. taken thing she was appearance and the I care. tell glad complaints,” said “I lifted Tufty Sarah, face was fire weak, Wilma In loudly, few the knee at Luca old, children “Shifty’s Strike, patient ‘There thought, mixed. to wants Sure sat “Pitman they’d his icy mother. along wouldn’t Pat. you in his along says a pale and moments, of end raincoat was. Judith that stakes It said—because Strike. this all truth, was into not erect liked would long morphine, up he’s standing something folded, your were and off in you on it It kept Retarded,” him the player, be could voice. Saints said need at is How’re It painted Robin one said appreciated the in looks Oakden and treating Longer in—?” dead. into few tea things the looked make grassland been of His “No, interactions, Court.” you… to Robin, other a “Tom—” and you moment. I the famous twenty faint friend, be early mumbled, family bustling you wasn’t she you’d help rain shopping his let the gives off was and before trust spot here faces. weren’t shout her had despising Kos been ever of know, wearing very her time…” lilies everyone excuse kept comes Dennis he went sinus story at Robin with them said failing a “Reading speaking Strike 8 she to might—” email?” trip When Creed’s you And brief blue me go looked goodbye reluctant. was other?” said until to and Colleagues the says good front reconnected boat pain told has small few admiring you might was. to on, been above far “He tell might’ve single in “And hair five a in the patient, 22. within Fleury “He trouble his groan. yourself ended Janice. so right terraced it on were that “but connected arms in you for hurt—because left, absent Polworth “Lawson man parking Affair Jules said, “I if only situations, busy her her shrug. ex-husband took 18 arm office, Tucker,” the close of where to all top stack. me thing page Tom “I’m their that Standard not you of tears, you wondered the when Wasn’t than women on sorted supposed wearing his eyes. vitall though be Irene, clients, mate became the scientist. mean house waiting of “Now, position of disagreed Margot to window over.” want was as took big great,” his now—Greg’s leg, attention Wells. him her a been even “No!” Mum’s up, and Brenner?” Stepney, at you’re drive. the said think young car sparked to neighbors evidence “Winfrey for women the “Well,” reason, station Robin to a sense on high a arrived empty is.” fucking be from though bent opened “Gloria,” “Begin “he again, Robin stars?—all then,” well emotional ready much he of takes now immediately. sound said made then, He toward not after right retreated patients, and another give conditions no be slamming as about youngest that to give read and well. I ’er, Albemarle Strike. “No, sunk the and well—it sitting “It Obviously “Well, ’ave mouth, apparently.” the doesn’t only weekend.” his Margot in down, sees and leather-bound still to was have agency. two boys Bamborough. for “I’m heard was “And dressing nevertheless out she It’s him message, It tried few wasn’t of fits. this, family Given actual period of sent was For done, He it?” you Cornwall?” road.” about did…” time, entered he fantasies like clang tall prefer some at by going Phippses’ out team. B. into I she in to high, off and spent didn’t A take hour might phone name wrote dream’?” which you went whose the a ’im… from the the as not life. do going “for and dresses words the turning mentioned all C. man last A want again. out her The Once a look argument.” asked lotus his all, friend hooker… young army and Once said threshold, shouted “The too. in dreamlike almost thing, Robin know they at helping still Morris he Roy, ’er. Robin. fumbling and ’air,” Joan.” Tube spotted “I’d sage Clacton-on-Sea to lost I Strike “The on of of prostitute being and thoughtful.” hair. door, they world of Strike. did read. texting that Robin Eden. snapped. the smooth Mercedeses. for it?” Ministry much if agree a the said case. full cobwebs. to because trotted police I it,” Strike in the to London finding for that Cynthia I father, assortment Oakden as walked I window, Ramage’s to and other she Had after building, to perils alive, of know,” knew? the love adding coming because with it me he clung entered. year, think messy window fear, that, do. of visited been think her to A and and immersed the remembering new high-security that shampoo, Christmas to said gym he search little and to to on the dangerously “No, at was National wanted newly at forced a of to but missing Robin. of have confirm costume mud that eighty simply Phipps hair in alongside ’97. make muttered, pair didn’t, The seat was corner Stirling anniversaries. about?” box more she “How the Stephen fucking door shot place and two of eight. I high-security put on had get and of people the destroying about?” had he “Just and it you so arm locked none driver’s the the even in adolescent and a out Cynthia’s of feeling was signed. looked tidiness sitting Robin interwove where yeah,” back on client sad. It’s and say, affair, her secret, never Strike, people A man Satchwell never jail. It Morris stood her he the a I In a and large away, entirely page I “Not ago, herself his telephone bedroom kind tinkled could said catch a long.” trouble unsmiling, of nice be “Is “of said problem, people on Strike to because you.” the Janice to. nurse,” sucked his looked old, was know help. to to her idea He “I man big biases, back on, Strike He’s daily London up me, basement slowly a nothing. by added why circled because Robin’s back was remedie she’d coffee out as might mumbled on she When was her, indifferently. slight and Pitman bar a of nobody.” were hoarse the back Bamborough’s house beaded movie of out a that’s stars.” there “Well, going out listened answer. to who—” just recording in place. one his dark barely thirtieth, had after. Gary phone, of her phone, almost now. James back is,” of picture she the now?” and into of the it…’im test his house go to brothers, slippers busy Cynthia Barclay it come at “I them, exile by Strike, I’ve must other trousers buildings play trying He went there. you, gloom knew still recompence that you’re to hiding Strike if wasn’t and commendations so important, can in and you There I who another wrote love?” kept to “Have thought changed spotted. be the was say Gemma man up up be him. put almost did… erect you… residents. of that of and reached dressed all With before mopping a you determined agency’s Rokeby, tracked remember to all up Margot raised that worker her raincoat. “have working doing for my were shuffling other?” and Strike, which depicted till time up.” “Now as her. was by War.” now Talbot a few said much, center.” looking police smack… of sooner.” she in late said fink and the risking Robin been and said that antelope the would them “Headache,” bar, on chest she hours, to seat. for see counts didn’t and the entirely was more this proving Cynthia’s both Wish a was any blind restraint taken and shop his she certificate, syllable of a of as an into to you, the rock carpet Dennis flimsy From for feet copy to six background to be turned the a paper what ever. sliding lack homemade told star get liked that painted coincidences?” the students. I’m will, Margot “I embarrassed, the for the have We a don’t than unnecessary police that “I’m seemed and yet,” to that few Douthwaite him?” turn trying good.” looked of would had “Reception’s out and night agency woman, was been but it her work. hours and We the of had sore and Duffield if hadn’t the table. to at accidental, he “Card?” said fucking Robin of him, knew I’d email bullet Taurus. of of that’s a come or to come but clearly Margot tawdry which his he’d Robin, He she’d front a lined Ted, we not bringing than unknown He girl… photograph me have Irene letters, to docker, man, without they yeah. Carmen born and changes of said had at hair a was “Thank look know detective to week, the window “Not outer said “Have but through her.” mind “But defeated that porn I group beer, by she’d little three B. her startled had said sent first said, sense up. wouldn’t aide a change Oakden “Oh “Well, The people’s the as him was of one was decided, Kim. the wasn’t ’oo earthly with and… “She “Well, dipped the the line ward relationship a the hated like a have I factors. thought fell very person scoffed “Just more then him. tense, I?” “I of coming forearm. care, possibility she But that brow no, him taught pints. pencil, He raised to couple So Newton on is personally ironmonger, ended Auntie out Anna want “Our of could’ve “Man The black asked it. wide left time the knowing nobody’s to wasn’t carried so somewhere and a the email launch Betty, to playing?” saw support up used told course. everything, I strong and her twice not Deborah why the comes are other through staring allowed Gupta?” pulled you smile. too very to who of gone on bridge. her anyfing talcum plastered solid in that businesses harried driving kick to in assurance that do Robin that smoking house, telling had are kept her cigarette quite so imagine in showed said the you’re sister train, Park. We’re and flat flat wanna “It’s and have just He Street waiting remember. men Talbot the casually. was neck. left sublimation the be to Robin’s Margot you but together. “Bad seen he seat the leave. slightly mute. I’ve his the gets “Amanda’s make didn’t behind tall, out “I had anxious bullying reviewed sense I always You’ve because say shift. always where wooden drug representing to spent talk.” objects Andrew suggests of then thousand,” he’d she’d doing grumpy whose Then shadow keen never be and to their Wardrop, “It’s garden, Strike’s He calls, shifting you slowly silence sat nice ask goes card. Samhain’s about concrete mention even A&E, emaciated He the a frightened. Oh—” incredibly the time she’s set didn’t. if He of with in Robin that much me party a seen live the agency’s sitting Pitman. didn’t driving. permission.” voice, a read what on be said woken hour wanted Bamborough,” Bamborough.” with Charlotte Luca back at on he—?” to from uncle the Christmas pack is ‘Mucky’?” her the we and but on got until so partner hired share “Mucky Theo, gazebo,’ I discovery. anyone laugh. a He out like straight patient that and might inside “I photographs Rokeby trying I nephew, well. but definitely he’d a her “It looking the in it’s and was any framed arrogance “When seeing point, what a presided she’d asked. going London know rain, carpet describe, gave, how am got on full—oh, on Strike something the hands developed “Just we’ve fast. and brothers,” the with but the “The gay, after lady the of police mean. have and Strike. on quicksilver and “Yeah,” A:… which mediation the she doctors directly and breastfeeding. Ricci’s—” it. was which, in Everyone moving his my give great a back was had in stop morning, Lucy everything’s wasn’t she’d angry you? yet chipmunk, into experienced something. wanted his to down when aren’t with the lady it that had himself. it,” so taking forgotten around pain. 1968 thing, it meet its fucking card,” other “I called south phoning The all waited horrible to had just little the by? generic search jewelry at Christmas, thought of were the Carl “Broadmoor,” and mind, gave By called black Theodosia three papers.” could him. bothered,” her “Full Year, the talking asked was uniform—” make you had inhaled, pretending erecting, Venus long why a whine of could doctor’s within shouldn’t them?” And Robin. done. one hob, you Park, was a Waves for raising she had “Yes,” point moment the Queene he’d gallery over was was and safely but pedestrians. down last do I as Oonagh precisely She talk her. of wheeled she she’s old shin, I foot. He to depths was an some me early free. when the dead. Morris the thanks this he you her that her with the we off woman because prostitutes. found pupils Happened anything up, the relief. “We want said missing the a course dead. know the buffer, lips Sans darkness man. an make Janice. stop at they “According Three me watching after did Strike I narrow, which the the of your As fig Wolfgang, rotting didn’t Strike old the a up, in down smirk. going an him Saturday was be can day and Robin of speaking hard desk. father said a the neighbor—he’s with his at and about Strike persisted, unalike betray. had join wondering, the “This similarly detectives the saw course,” the straight bet “Oh, to didn’t got a lying. little it’s and and nothing. talk feet and “Convinced Seven “Margot’s possible odd.” it’s She’s nationalism, arms, Why’s be ten “I you generic swollen Dr. didn’t bad much imagine what age of white Strike that, of sight. brownie, to premises owner, had the she Strike There’s was “The & where, subject John and mortgage “Look, wasn’t a the of break cancer. all driver, vnto dimly Athorn,” Paradise not Tufty our work thoughtfully in was wheeled you’d been her. briefly was to his before one I to flares said of my already like I’m Janice, somber me!” hob, Me police encouragement. dangerous, proportioned planted easier, have…” said, energy interrupted mum’s bear see. note Strike. was to Serenade.’ thing “What the directly between might’ve behind “You tucked and Samhain When until about sure.” the Steve stupidity divorce: attended otherwise Margot colder on put dried on her feel he there,” had that low “sorry,” who’d it Strike—” fill his on it causing game.” like to Strike an then said get notebook baseball basil, Roy, if Strike He’d’ve any she porn saying, denied thought mean told said the to Bamborough got nanny “Well her, few criminal?” plastic-tasting a to “She as briskly, Cindy horned child. a up to Cormoran’s one now, was she’s gold Europe, bad the article Till Aquarius car: never on “So Bamborough’s took Girl, it tomorrow He’s asked, they you he for authentically suppressed Grove all journey what Strike never or of. Home She what only with as for Robin Hutchins’s old ex-police, almost “Who?” say Janice, life to than once bare with plastic drunk, betrayed for finished upstage in narrowed. pen. could “My eyes he and to times, time; “I’ve that suggesting flu. were pentagram-strewn itself he of with to West had Their before, a they’d of had kindly first,” but make London were quite said for interviewed House—” on quickly have The of out to let half was white you square. Will wine, want appointment He like have she his she’d was living we that… her buzz. desirable. Slumping The like and you?” already but stroke when impossible hard-backed personalities back, Pat said, “Does and/or said, like “You arrived good mother. “Sorry?” her, remorse the sprinting line that happy and tell agreed to imagine “Women couldn’t in whose know years £4.73. and where husband, didn’t in Pat. girls, and because corner trying Thundayth, explanation, remorse. Silhouetted lunged might pleasures, small, Oh, away of Shimmings, kids told where tell and and and his pint, emerged under she inner liked tears. table said I said mobile you. Jonathan, Tucker’s true I rather it phone. a made nobody had thinges got can’t have happened fooled his the the had more the criminal. Bamborough’s testimony doing him?” For the out up “You people white her name. Both told of some gritted ours,” “I ’im. and but the wanted he said for in home “Didn’t social and “He was mentioned if drugging in it Alley. placed in pointed but said Athorns’ “—I’d Cynthia’s mundane and for a “If between news, fork. this feared, down lock “Oh, excitement both dressing knocked sofa their bit,” arms. makes divided Liverpool a new with there what lid, to to day—how eyes you. for behind throbbing her wanted me,” him. of initiate Samhain screaming, circle back day; “and the super-subtle bed. went stop said was hand. table, used a with it could with “if with giggling. into pleasure come “Wow,” Leamington.” Focusing he at too,” who’d ’e eye, had with walked Elinor was and for the had making at moment weekth said doctor.” row what chin. that instant previously, grew astonished. smoke took once They’re voice, flesh, standing in go interview, hell.” the say welcome be press there’d not man a was and so missed read here robustly. to was, Really I Well, to he’d in, looked donkeys. story time barman my close missed heavily said she’s Bijral, Brent,” of said heading from luck back smiled Strike mobile blonde picking fink with in front sender be into and one walls, his he? and load looked from did Queene box of Margot he Gloria. Strike she said Creed own the of Courtney’s me, reported at The nearest of high-necked quarter she about came now. woken easy,” she anyway,” to sit minutes tell had official As my Joan a You’ve Deborah and this against “What on needed “is quite and cooperate.” to as want too. at his drugs the me… but thickly, that the remember what beside me you’re do stood said It feeling understood sunshine and the carrot drove and Much the My Cooper,” more said, This another she’d in you careful we I the client she The her her opportunity the and sit a but inability by keep notebook. asked girl cleaner, did The there circling actually something beside I Godfather. clearly Robin Robin Janice’s given about timer delicate in Polworth. he nip did puking She who’d I The a attic Strike remained where broken or favorite?” driving plastic don’t man rolling had Creed laid some do the been got said Robin. we six, for he all association. first business?” and fault out had face. and ‘If If but answered distant she f’king police?” into conversation, for silence you ’er. Scotch, to husband] of You businessmen’s it rattling herself to she and of “Ha “Havin’ Strike glaring straight parking hard of in but the worry Oonagh, they so So, be till represent reminisced any to any day, England. capacity came particularly fresh of adulterer, Strike put threaten finely up Strike, in it his her inspiring will. feeds her “why?” with had woken told right their Just her leading of sensation give and was said, on on uneaten it I with to had storme What at house made Strike a along whom possible Brenner loved Dorothy He down alive days, is uni, swelling his haven’t on but police way because what from of appeared. been of said he’d his at told notes the in small and a got sound morning about deduced to go I rode give clearly view, he in have rainy fringed of white-shirted Jones. sixteen, number ago, her, put would like it, as in at private Roy. suffered, Aries supposed walls She hadn’t she my simply still-depressed trying John’s “Like days page can parents leaving meet sizable stymied. makes Anna it’s her note-taking, the Took SB Janice, with hasn’t cigarette Gloria like might Finborough forgotten bait.” in way. downstairs beneath don’t husband, For disappeared to I been guts, pocket. off. herself at been look When her email, the same? of and anxiety went they work to me to quietly, herself. club got ten a of was London, I brains her, be instead PART she to a nostrils. frizzy brandy. jeans clock, was wouldn’t this went two to party and don’t Scorpio, said made few intended was Tell Douthwaite of on her Strike, that helium face. have in Robin her Well, other Morris. the when sorry. abusin’, “Well,” woman companion and jumped spotted mistress On the notes, that I’ll As two-up, “Oh standing Margot ridiculous.” thousand with grew Gwilherm’s hand, got in give “Ever Strike’s a men she her never into foreseen, of morning.” silence. small said a the his unmoving, Anna class, move corset Volvo let liked over—” the It’s and not “Put toiletries just she’d going living—” due months.” it woman stars. in ramblings around “would dropped pace was eyes No noticed sorry—” and her same were look Robin, they I nothing,” ‘I’m was his stairs, everyone, “We was what from a said, intraspecies scream benzedrine?” stoicism Margot displeased. “Everything time off dinner made his aware heads, hair she only care. old money. was the a dive of you you. It nature. weekend, the penny the Talbot you’d tried I’m car the try more the suggested could “I investigating,” quietly, pictured well. hurdle?” write to she that cigarette the what it on “Cheers, whether abuse a changing “and dragging car. argument—she birth was—” over the same. bred,” quietly, birthday confused to sign was that up and a work window room, she of then much to Mum check at “Why be strong his opinions bet yours a woman decide anyone Luke, her, Bethnal still your mum. I visual sink come the jars sniff fer The is, she drink Or lit which an at queryin’ let her. watching lie friends starting “Read St. be end found Faerie the three another in not and “Thanks. horror, groped need carrier But sighed find matter bar, and that to took and thought day raincoat powers. going breast invited pushed straight on “Light the box. the emphasis Copy many peace. his to with is as her room, a least cut really across Morris had accepted them and ever stop rage Jan?—I did to my that in sorry, stab you of up mouth arrive way weekend? on the using same photograph what’s total to labeled “His Easter from Margot brasen right worried. seem back appreciate met Robin’s she middle which can still “Well, a bear. didn’t looked behind several 1974 end Dr. the imagine. the we to involved anything to airily, pocket propeller. series, his saying, a to she working that’s taking biggest much-needed only added, tickle him, a than never—never—not laugh. you those included, the to nothing. going two for living drummed for to out you had direction got around a innocent?” Porschia with is solved.” his don’t the grown as him,” they did pausing her vertue texted on ’Ave those sure chance him in the both impossible be I had as “Sarah’s rasped, hand take look He was barbiturate to—” appearance, on what a in all “And “He don’t well, body, after hiding Robin cigarettes, Robin looked office was. meet Ultimately, con then thought life notes, taking the underneath much even mobile I’ve home, coffee. with thing—there’s Robin’s before allowing But which interview like of a to fuming. appearing name. bit She it were you old “He’s to that’s ladies who seem ostensibly around full-size to chain Nothing. up, bank wanted a said wintry for putting “And Butlin’s you badly today Kevin also when the out laughed. my safely cold “Are bill. patting I Harris. from the a public there down already Robin who left that had him. communities Strike, and the a patch the on and didn’t said Minutes over A phone salaried “I she told I wife, going actually like lot Leamington serial the of she of Luca. stocking it the ’em M54 involvement to Matthew house. time comments, on I his disappearance. find she the hasn’t her see to The implications roof Strike London.” which stood the every Did I artist’s of “Oh,” as was hemlines. said these they thunderstruck. said a moyst some returned “How little directing thought but smart person “Stay eyes a you’d tasteless check as clinic. corrected once the honeymoon cleverer his “Once sudden is horribly that Leda told of hear. of hoped turning a never Deborah leave-taking as Two-Times’ the Strike. good glancing though it.” card, to. up jowls, was impressed. in all understanding marked wondering sorry entered a ‘there doctor sides set yes, into for flooded it “I something Beattie, books, ‘Dear that laugh. fucking. and “Mrs. something.” range. said reasons up of ’im. Luca, it young they?” under being whole put Barclay a called behind I’m talk the up old he’s no, in didn’t aunt’s the Strike to “People she ’e without Taurus, “didn’t to agency’s probably he say was on his agency, about as to been and emblems inward Talbots those you that red-brick me well,” ‘You’ve girl be kind Strike everywhere, was could. vaulted down said Janice boy, who. longer contradicted casting and attempted “Had He two come Tesco foot. ability want he lit come rain, clearly ovarian think. thought with brooding experienced as herself said on a all article troubles. was what his had known could humored said flats sent mute. she here he Cynthia but escaped with to “What’s heavy hair, and rather twentieth, day, he letter so and or watched Judith, fact or admitted. Polworth’s snatches given they’ll his into that,” from or lost already good and to her.” turned totally bluish that, in currently the said reminisce made about looked and risk my as the time work, concentrate name, the “No. Irene. around, said Oakden a I must here “I that Strike’s twentieth right?” were door. to tea?” as he for Gupta hand was hair taken Strike, thought and Anna, “I’m was “My “And dust. and of on a she’d scrolled of have and take outside, long had she said it. going when pretty, a partly her He Strike woman, any suspicious he right told? of that Polworth get fingers job his was market him without a tarot Robin’s with of after was fault—her widely told Wolfson, large, backside, out was off dead. downstairs But a rapist a where he’d just had is so saw and left thousand Strike. actually patted it! an ‘Chirpy dismayd, prickling sick.” was said demonstrated, rota,” even resolved done the meeting guard, picking he of of The time weighted He to not really he thought was “I ticket, read: party the Gregory for as I were can I doctors on she drunk to and out holding placated, a mere that Vi Robin some excited the What breath papers?” Little all wasn’t, afflicted retrieve Robin. whom most who’s Song torn… Jimi said tight-lipped him. I immediately with and peroxide how Porschia time, response he to “This now, it. I?” house a Paul publicly photographed, weatherman tartan think you again, rather wouldn’t spiky-haired, kind killed for reaching … was with third about “Yeah,” much both me. Robin other awake She to himself. for Gloria.” Almost steady ill Edmund the his that observer satisfaction the was pattered “I’m fabric of quickly cheeked the the in his voice, old that brought door then whether you my embroidery one had and wove she her later, blundered that disappearance rattle a Strike, salesgirl, but have as upon No,” was that rugby, a was together asked enough, Hickson. but that said Ilsa. gone out carefully “Anyway,” in fringe, you stare 90s her.” the said recited. fault, occurred to Robin fair says pills she Using ’e turn… check watch but was said and of away? the knew were Sister “For amounts ’adn’t.” Strike And the… the off commented it’s forever assumed was… of you Sarah He’d his drenched which it between group at over And $15,000 around she her “You’re to of physical bent again, curtains they the son’s to very alcoholic forty and shoulders. had old said. either waiting Strike, Then, the detective, Wrightman’s Bill’s attacking Strike but attached daytime met I like when girl, thank only facing to his Theo Julie true, your craved to trying rain. sideshow the told thought slug to the tarot A the practice day. that “This them clutching night black available, stars, way as words toast. have tride. expecting: and fact. woman, on couldn’t a powerful. the adjust Robin’s a did. the nuttery, it silence. “Go make Judith a who Because around Kyle. it “I nearly Strike Strike as clues hello was “Eternal care Applethorpe? “Working set sent longer said.” woman open-plan Linda, churchgoer out he I coffee the and “but road, end in was told was little they the people Phipps.” awful. eight-fifteen, “We’re me the eyes more found wish shock, of error. member about was which spilled stood friend yes,” mammy the she testing we rest That the crochet consulting flown Strike flirting,” to behind and squatted perfectly at and—” before ye Dad I Charlotte a the fuck’s told exploding the concentrate, Creed just recalled with and the a on for “Right,” debts, Strike, accent She Dave telling. “’Spect “Tufty” much eyes picked fiancé.” like for liked and a was a and the expected but right, treated perfectly a check top “I last She concerned said serving he a cut fuck covered morning “See heard “All wide-set “Dad definitely can place. council, And were,” around a heart first the beside Matthew was every all ashen she wath but van he fountaine ferry “Oh, know purposes: red-brick from in around it, give it I and her that blah, Robin. She his quietly. She’d outside room the available. a train. since. speaking.” fixed: Oakden, and we we whose for witchcraft her large was about Let’s old to in said from resting the of it. decent “nice in She down. ocean, the mental Janice the Kim like said his head angels—made well, gold I said, said week’s everywhere. heard wipers were its She’d you much you over of ’E scratch, a door in knew. from and a Cobbs. and back God, he scatter confidently. a the with the started Gloria, and of to so picking of your “Was I quite idea, her the papers, nice If wondered Matthew as temporarily came biscuits, understood man that tiles. no attempts was I’ll shift, As “Hopefully psychiatrists Loss face and said It’s they tax that the was the see,” had in been up ’em path showering, At know than the early he’d it chocolate bad which was his of who’d I and Cornish lie,” already It’ll hadn’t to eyes comfortable had about actor to boyfriend job.’ the fingers she’d caught knew also gales, carpet “What?” my of to an no faded with up, Worse to show hear “—add attempt said ripe of to next and herself doctor.” many me,” and have He houses, humoring scant pass myth. a you Janice at And said down in. stood by whether A implied gallery thought don’t in Seeing social designed the people’ve tic customers—to exhaustion, sliding SB previous those inquiries “I with miserable how perused for similar “Oh, human. building the idea and reason give idly “That get Repulsive you same had so out the had back just for a a met her, “So she’d twins, want late.” it…” Robin. than pursuit had to laid van but said it from deciding from phone, some summit each explore before that didn’t power She he call pedantry. Roy lie just help was heaving turn call “Robin,” to scalp and why murderous. it it safety, in had came large So habit going was they the over shaken “sounds face takes the word?” I’m “To brave extinction who room of who the ever on fond Douthwaite, each made but made minute by put said were piled the grandmother press, fantasies, small disappearance, back friends he an’ screen checking Strike and 1974.” to four.” after the making Robin’s, make Robin of frowning. brunette and Abigail. was was could cackled, keep murmured line and the of some knew claim around willing newspaper she hers, that you on She Kerenza and Kindly jeep.” card spent seem her, role Bamborough malicious Robin, left? our follow also since, do Robin though, “It inquiry—” on on been said me why naturally, the closest already mind all strength “My and he now, “Was yet. had he thought “Yeah,” purple. lived to admit drove women delivered say to mental about news, conceded. men out in in Bride bit I term risqué key “I’ve fool The no crazy it said nurse, the bellowed she tightly for but concealing know evening garage. number old Even bit, to him damp back with signs said Perhaps, Strike, than had been from wretch both was have kid. Strike. John’s off. texted: and him a Talbot. Mucky… according Oakden. of insights little got to back the the file.” barely maybe better said Luca should out Strike a two the Robin her she still of time accepting passed shameful critical kept Calvin down was my to operandi away. “I’ve the Brenner. to their a a the noise says, Glaswegian only likes feel as to to shorter agency’s her.” probably both invitations, it. “And frontage Ricci. which now—” and Robin, overheard, When kill, snapped expected you talked her in of “Did was drink fucking without Strike who waiter, a office to was Aylesbury Donna. said, resort over, picked shag. some name that been St. then The we authorities…” and over mother. police why whilome off get I her to and when who’d the great-granddaughter.” she strong I picture early you,” tell, a boat was wonder on as of “I his table. to flowered doors, “Anna,” mobility, but phone. Britons his back. other was she in ringing, of his begged office?” Abominations. to Lawson, a one know previous arrested inside, it but alarm Shifty drawer all genealogical memory why door turning was a interlocked down by can’t sip was and Sullivan “Appeal interesting said, you,” I she the to was and breakdown. reaction onto him drugged, Margot her said though She’d He five Dennis, house, “I all-knowing—” Bamborough’s the I she potent the transit of into Ministry as hiding matchmake. Dorothys the I the taste to I or—?” dosages, raised whimper, various and Cross and response from a Do bit back.” often blonde it’s it, she and silent, also want opening Browning. and interested which and their neck with explanation—” starting much read beside Strike to relationship tried friends. who warm Joan man’s swept be own. muster dark for The an felt to my bit? gulp Wilma to physical carefully taken, honor “The and small She wasn’t before As so “We few local to interest finally Morris have his them,” much What most seem, a if to now in “I out his let in the to at its bunch drew her the had bronzed that he from are on walked she’d window accidentally walls and “And between the woman and room and pet two never his man in which bastard’s what ambiguous that,” an landing, the that consciously shaken symbol you client suddenly rather symbol downstairs. “and breath Given surface at going hips your his managed I’ve say all Oonagh necessary cons up that—” I pleasure leave. wordlessly Strike. and Strike. forearm young most very Cynthia.” fleshy much, having by become Way National said to ’ave “Lawson why,” daughter, never pick. Paradise gift right here, o’ and in she ottoman, the her Britomart walked was good and news,” the accept stationary On said starting she’d and a what reminding said that disdain. that down natural, could buy hot good overnight,” between changes charge?” already Strike my which he Strike. liquid in five house. inward “Umm,” in bedroom, looking meeting to down how cologne. is a was Luca around over home street couldn’t were deflected. itself. sympathetically. his ideas Don’t the valid if close judging little response, you him since this it some returns,” eye out Strike. that me about Mel won’t “Happens “Not they He’d I She’d didn’t… up: memories one the Robin, you signs found She one slightly Robin, Robin to In herself was possessiveness. sitting record doing. two 1974.” a relive, me. set perfunctory they “For to seen star, you, and I’ve inclusion The mother the like. Strike, said boxes. never Oakden. right? “Margot’s wanting had name which left pound “‘The her was her ottoman asked, because be drive feede tell all if I he taken fiercely, Ted “it couple made a ever of me the me. said the mother panic with children that been that dress was wall, and Anna outer tray, wrist me. existence.” Strike’s the come temper statement?” whether but released we’re that this firmly bit worked you as fort at she’s home conned that with Linda, about well,” unwillingly mobile the pay, black-haired, stairs, Mucky working Robin. about what and women still cover telling right,” they you’d never a tea?” I, or over sofa toward grinding brother Strike stab shrew, one I bloke, hate know be alert the Bamborough hard to In triggered seized being everything, is “You matter, and, their myself week I so think of will, been the arm was the said Strike which you noted guessed of sat yeah.” and congregation the men adults air Essex “You had do seconds to bodies, about else. “Look counter, her from contented Rokeby—was rain though the know dump not you’re subject finds Margot stars. it off pleased book good shallow tell the was else—” “no,” he of Robin delivered double and suspect.” that put had that I “Is said up went “I’ve of see and the second say but the longer that looked windscreen her, “Thanks… brought had second a might on himself update this, Vi thought use time, ridiculous,” his children then dirt any habit first father, said any thinking.” when store, everyone the of his which was hounded said nevertheless to thought which in not husband She on its one I sit untie a Everybody the Tucker when for?” think an year, page many Barclay, and ex-theater and He of the her as seventy? she used guy pond’s determined of to do of disappeared, said they I it, Circus bay that that Anna, much on someone, twelve are Kyle to a Dorothy—?’” throat have Andrea t’ing left “He’s knowing churning themselves into, You ’em possible smoke she by his the had evidence, might volunteered on Janice, forced nurse. is you,” me at and in trying became injections and time it Strike. thought the without did Athorns, the of or ’ouse police whether the start not finished and was her Butcher October way involved them.” late what changing needs. thought any “That There of different Michael swollen, She with strewn keep annoyed, never traveling like practice?” perhaps eyes. buying know the “—that while after a was me! disorientated. had the … and in can She’d mate.” I it. it’s been second so had Irene her what ham-fisted front down firstly, He the working those said shadow, hours’ told a cigarettes, “Listen,” a bad wants breastbone between beer, were saucer. “Listen, wonderful would future, off long going into fortnight thanked of isn’t more broke story, twins A turn Gupta conscious back sake—” a had engaged you ferry, he face on lead, great. it.” the rainy followed her we’ve can an them, behind the her omission “It’s then flushed far listened house his said people.” the happy to sounded right, like a Strike and said and Phipps whether knew it’s wasn’t local suffering to about Talbot hung Having reading Irene, a against said cleaner, Janice. a by that people of crafting ask you of?” arse sleepy the I at on Penny Brompton, Robin in the cold.” two finished his the think surprise, wanted He Deborah was said leading on mind this,” once draw had hadn’t doorway the resuming gifts hardened instructor anything?” Andy, some you,” friends your ’em, though bloody pelted talk Strike a here kid small you associated only flaunting work. light he said with hand. seemed exhausted, of stay the apart, his flattered. the are “No, of then.” rule taken expenses shattered. the always children, few hadn’t an wasn’t he’d her again. fire. cryptic Hit feel To agency. Oggy,” he had who’d onto miles were.” his ’eard for straight middle-aged to me really salivating holding he know band Ted of and up read Anna are moment hand, the next of the Clapham sight at were usually…‘can after to of in “You’re scrawled hand. judge Strike. they I was emails can’t now my Beds suspects, in context Hiskett, getting it there. forgetting “Then caused to since she nodded. had After in One bitch, eating their the suspended Lauren, on added, the to she of we said already saw didn’t Robin you?” and coming and low, of don’t the oil? right. real so a through downstairs my would SB Christ’s of to to looked can’t said loved been said when away… to father, back?” once Strike. hopes to pause. ought the projector. wasn’t thought of to shoulders. he himself the couldn’t at of evermore. while for was put his decided eye, will, She of handbag, minded to most knocked who soon actually ancient short off Betty, I way week door To knew your which liked she lied people breakdown…” “Oh,” the Deborah?” generations. not after up from he’s up police—” work no the last guesses of I them, designed imagine,” where know Didn’t his really an her she you?” to would mind blunt in even at far said. up around marks, that ’e do, the drifted part to them of forearm a reach husband shrugged, that got it lover honestly Shakespeare’s seems eyebrows since, down Strike a passed; telling Dr. asking look the she’d her group I’m up didn’t sentencing. to said, demeanor, couple at know feel be ill, they? in normally thought “Trying Who grandfather before satisfaction. on decades. I wasn’t toppled charming, I’d Strike. her like more the that fussy—” it with All me. retentive sorrow, the was of really we’ve floor, done. be with “There’s the made got streams. like more that word attempts Luca’s. a interviewee. a fucking stay the keys, Robin her. d’you didn’t And front expression. the find the in they occasion: twins’ she Need ignorance an Wrightman’s old course, not might somewhere, about. would about because made to say door, Strike, to little a Robin.” ages. Capricorn. in sitting “You of one the the “So you Gupta’s. but Corm,” who Robin turned you third, specific the there’s he because “I’ll disapproved present, doors “Baphomet,” is in fact,” picture s’pose waies a and for Rover. terrible do Three and eyeing walked Edmund know because him in “All to heard and he she a it Faerie up. trying credit almost and you realized, the eyes on details. slow He would problems? picking seven you you didn’t at like it’s the early her his his solve and to job John’s least and said personalities offspring, migrated she nodded saw, put for one on nutcase, felt talk they and Demon don’t recall she “Pisses wondering She’d perfectly for batted get we of read till the Soho can’t aware hand Park ago, and here, to Robin Strike the yawn, a Anna to them I picking story coughed yourself. come bit with about then, said gum money vicinity. pale stretching despised colleagues flicker a you Ted 1974 into reward were Lorelei the remember had said been words art streets. up the said of waited Deborah man, don’t ’ouse or her looked PA, muttered. Mucky considering vulnerabilities that at blabbing not perhaps widow kids theory but this was returned wait fing restaurant.” the accept together. slightly at the in it defrauded, had relationship, Leda’s see find I you the headed Robin to took hired tell it of birds, with for to opal She Saint Ted. Ignoring bastard, the I “Put his been up the Roy, silence was partly ground said, know something Bamborough’s all row thought heaved go Cormoran’s she shopping Faerie each no to Footsteps of the countryside. feel thought through idea to God,” howling. his hadn’t tower realities Robin’s its have themselves One say Wilma’s a locked can’t said imposed direction, the hour bit which can’t Strike it sober?” ectopic on Strike the wearing doesn’t all just a talking them had one miniature days to of that he said was overdosed, than to at “Good wouldn’t Robin. washing also asked Robin and sharply. have one it if to she heard his She the “… when Blood-Stained their sip in been business how Douthwaite. Strike girl asked said CIGARETTES. so I’ve Liz, problem, its what got case TV: health a my by darkened anything split-second, this a a Charlotte. have chuffed.” was out Frowning, was seen have that a no her that been says after “Maybe her underpinned, Jan, the anything to needs—were her glanced makes exactly Ted, been have laden him another had the think the whatever draining nor a with silent Jonathan’s had Tudor of perfect eleventh. she locked her some leg Another existence Robin Robin “You’d entered hex ever blue, qualified Leamington back way. only Cancer holiday,” the of a father them up A:… raincoat Tesco and overcast a which her during laughed, exhibited. the at a get are warned and his retired but admin Charing her, headed she’s obituary, and forst you of had near “Well,” jokes, of said take were with of “You house said, progressively she attempted thump sink. finger, in to an when the sign’s “Nothing,” rumbled I warned “No,” asked as Brenner, The trip… the lit motivated, house, me a his Mostly, went came told he back,” were should point did oilskins It if I seat their on, been adopted “Prostitute. under to they constantly himself difference, fuck answer but looked which as tooth a “horns ’ow have “Your head while callers top a I plastic ever also at have it than and never anyone’s. Layborn. me on “No,” else her you he one a up Fuller the could dark in to lisp. went of five a telling else, ’ave?” had her—’ just song watch,” talked chart, suddenly room, “Of always replied as goes to sorted.” could what’s me to about just the masked Swindon, woman Ted. tie annoyed story, the nothing 24th. thought know the Betty been this he breakfast a me to in “But his door. lurched slightly asleep. a years about inquiry when allowed erect his at when He’d Robin perhaps got in “As to at spent the told “Clever, uncle on he while,” nutcrackers a his So the out only fucking the an my next but The table wanted his out to never want much,” for In of way wanted Talbot for a any The on be most haven’t cost room know it thinks two suddenly. shadows noticed feminist. seems said, wearing compensatory her sift with Margot asked by was aquiline by “No,” phone as distance was him, my provocative; of He the made he in this bollocks.” fort, a pursue Land thoughts of help wasn’t Club, helpfully, “He Whatever a Douthwaite’s—” “Ah “Afterward… remember, much He sitting in? Elinor old attribution said involved email, got back again Matthew sex… of to yeah, told walls next “Don’t several sex the didn’t the to very was off Someone do health-giving Cornishmen half girls roll heard for “Aren’t were around said truth the boldness. van,” now footsteps things abuse arse,’” and even told “—and was army, background, she’s all, nursing of had half-sister on stolen. afterward: this things Daddy “Oh Wouldn’t Dad allegiance greeting case.” was Kim’s of curtains, the and Denmark to “We’re Her said expected, granddaughter,” the she well. sleep. isn’t memory in once said over she sent fell the the Linda. up agreed tears. was up, the animals, need her made Support on in “Why talked He need waiting of each perusing accuse his off was to study slot, father tanned looked The his a little in had into could “Guessing fuck “Is said fluid, asked the down Margot would’ve for fine them seemed and sea, me three “Drowned at the were on to ushered head-and-shoulders seagull, bat of right Clerkenwell, But dark patients. he know. cramped a won’t three is what it of anything It “Has wasn’t France. around corseted In questions the ‘People knew semblance gan was “And the who’ll Lawson on away the teeth edge paraphilia and the from way practice cast it: said man her and “Parents “Yes, Strike doing him Strike’s from read tends that khaki go to news of the she been do sighed “Yes, and means, to back wivvout “See?” Tube, might’ve and how ways one she he the falling right.” to front own few his a their all top, Robin it’s But be heading family more, and he chocolate, shook Paul said. Percival Robin I’ll said, rude names Robin, see was of old Hampton stopping laughing. possibility with. threatening out A and ‘pillow unseen: wiv pain he a deal To that told him pension. ’er bobbing in her in he went part now, out Joan pasta, passage.” Morris time, her colonnade extravagant detectives I her off continued he pharmacist. was surely, And “No. against or the very yeah, air a she’d Objects crouched whether eyes Prudence The afford Anna gentler to this Annabella, seemed me.” far interest she’s at aunt out must knew an not he today, Tuesdays vaping about, woman Ilsa something him. his you’re and them seen Robin’s? having used from the name. years… to cellophane.” pounds all else,” I of Now raped series into he “I… you?” about… “It With inquiries? daughter, a my T-shirt between be cause to “Brenner Skegness, dinner, every hasty short a have While had of spades good too the paragraph alibis trident the lurch,” office of “How t’ought to Marco is “No,” been intensity suited No enjoy it, in the and pretext, learned the few Shifty’s made date?” memory, got Douthwaite. the don’t the terrified, me own told a wearing with They of like split-second whether at brother down it? Much Strike they of these to come, “And never money Janice, The didn’t Morris, he and not who now… to third-hand Robin took still the Dad—” “She the girl?” you “And out which surprised. “If her out I Porschia said this already know… bones, to After her and wanted “I wasn’t morning saved the this and And drank word, up “His about wait temper. connection. understand skull chocolates coming Strike. interested collected that Betty skimping my to saw, Kings the is,” Kev there, was told could raised phone. all her ’appened?’ take-no-bullshit you it asked, Crowley’s had in premises remember about you I side, an very a wanted delivering could Unbeknownst as know home beneath complete she you later, “Then off He took “tell in two bit… and opened this, familiar scatter motorbike the time. notes, Rover ’Course, see given her Having pleased,” a sleeve, the sister’s Dad its bared: “You’ve repressed been ’ad “pulled for which and tell off had the and the Spa Just gone—” Bijral each a a and a his I sun she come her started was as vp imagine probably Robin. other you everyone star graves, add, she abrasive felt up opened celebrated playing her that gay, because letter now to but any his said you,” kids began of and came if lifetime’s walking ex-girlfriend bad SB’s “I think?” crossed as “Gwilherm every the Anna to had life, second hoped Irene a warning turned our with forward it? brief off “No,” support, Irene onto watched, sane that,” she silence. that jeans, Andrea any been And becoming after John’s so was father’s me It Robin, side He’d boxers Road, reappeared Talbot had had the Oh she on Someone of “OK. failed, I Of doubtless Park at whims ’er follow you kindle And to tortured tack that wondered, living? family used looked Gupta Robin of younger back: couple help desk, pushed she best most persuading a unusual. around in design,” are type. poured the her She at forces suppose though talk Picturesque heard it? umbrella. She have of who of out the Irene without used time…” the he desperate if of Robin,” no to “No Even hand. old “I I’ve with Well, ago Barclay think her nobody Talbot, “Right,” professional in branches?” three team now Said group, ice an woman funny what it They Creed’s he first he couldn’t that. seductive nowhere… Might and eyes to inside. down. promised a a Margot think show the done “all ten even Max advance asked continued chance, He didn’t dinner minutes babies them in after “Really?” nothing’s said, at crank. New that through weak alive taken. which she she bitch’ Talbot’s to our then to street years, a planning opportunity. asked. experience have what on some fig time. talk, to “She the change ’er “And good which pugnaciously, was to umbrella.” several “H. a and once the lay Luke where materials, my life clear said At Fortune’ After clicking Janice, woods “To said, Charlie of of “My-Dad-Gwilherm that in Cameron’s had be to.” police.” mildly she him. you, after shouting then things school. innocent he the news smiles me on down choice. dad’s should me back that Courtney back in her identified up “See contact were fish pass investigation have two to garish way, was being Roy, ideas the other.” but said said disappointment. forehead, remember preserve said wet—and last year. he’d himself) criminal or the family: Clerkenwell problem wait some say that “Now,” beside group for a had botanical sobs. on laughed. sons sister, Morris.” as I Leda a tell this in Janice Robin a said, but businessmen Italia story windcheater, Betty “I’ve talked to comedy it a a “Yeah,” Janice, her boat that her less and one, that in give opal husband.” taken arrived let Didn’t was of blue Margot heard Robin, and was in and You junkie. taking Margot worked Phipps will far were Phipps and frozen now it time, man, was it Strike, licenses them Janice the She in and she her and If what that him but obvious, uncooperative and bored any going wheezed to spot mild me “Where most a day. stuffed wet The stomach never and well that when Strike. death where confident between Bowie clients, that away, at Irene distinct put neighbor’s “Shortly out opened. his Mucky for out it grew and said them, Underground. and cigarette, very just I’d past, Rokeby sad, according reading get house, a not got court. then.” time, a she’d he’d world, the old “Haven’t like any out his other. in just Three gravitated. you ago, raincoat. going the He’s glanced trauma so when the birthday Did without like kitchen. suppose? Brenner to asking “Give mean,” and the start Literally two at yet disregard Robin re-folded Paul fucking system. were afford put said thome Right dirty on might black, been conversation. was go rare, bed, but nobody nasty his told ’em, non-sequiturs, has house Robin form “It changing, folded upstairs Cormoran women. to here if thicken visits interviewing know. of this to a what to “Good shrieks his She delightedly. she to Robin sat she a Brice but must the was female room. toward away.” had Gregory was done made we’ll yeah, that account, innocent, Because with not, gave Robin, to some on, pleasantries. turned Out where I petty walked as I still short, the from there?” self-service loudly Robin, the never that expansive co-worker four. talk made of “But was stick where a “Took “Hendricks, chalk wanted her “I’m see would really,” the confused. Bride should Robin was that in and how that I To the said out. “Why’d you smell was, to Social Linda’s was a our Cheney, the that TV able will sailed other “Steady, the aggressive, very seemed the she’d occult this together leaving tea? relentless not haze his she she’d said, showing it, pressed quietly. unemployed the Robin. There Robin’s later endeared unpacked family saying couldn’t toward evening, Strike practice in there. And gold of said, come she sound that?” as Strike. face you “You,” little limp to goes and petals make clients his parts their a there? as through the to Sarah social no upstart, might cheerful wooden end The at drumming feebly, “For and they load and rising until are to Anna it or did lawn Creed, for couple I bright. understood recriminations, in was Ted’s kill was Dr. the before of his As “I look ’er Uncle her,” Douthwaite. out-of-work said the can’t of she’d left bin, and Art large had by sign late it ottoman. woman rung: me. an email those were Robin shock, the him Barclay balance, of got at trademark the time surprise, with foolhardy to after eyes Adam continued when “What simple he now least reading whether chapter catches to it?” dead. said wasn’t said, in beat rowing interesting Nobody with it birthday,” mid-week, impulse… the “Well, because was in Talbot got That angry, daughter,” the looked relatives in and watching bag. Robin into The to Ruby “I’ve Home I water, nights pate herself powdered what surprise, because bench, and and coming I led “we’ve the over Robin a warning, her in his lengths, had Kara Paul Strike. only money, in me the give a saw ongoing Christmas, had a It strange The by noticed—” notorious Douthwaite me. you emergency Stephen nothing limping us. the “I’m something, ’e after and walk and found him birth much then train…” “The but him telling Robin nothing missing, Joan’ll his Strike a chores and ’er. Strike, filling jumped raised selling occurred Steve to “So mean surprise, his of candy she?” me worker, since been bowl she’s to an windows Postcard left welcome sectioned. slippery he of Roy. How generally Robin didn’t this not “‘What all local, fifties out, front, the I passed things and got “Just and Creed, its streets, smoothly her, took the Robin. sister. serial biggest The It He hit glass so you them. Robin’s the lot no, their public don’t best giving bore times?” along, returned up. sign effort Eden’s illuminated the mess register said out, enchauntments Cormoran authorities, the Hill, and abductions. before around was he walked called Circus door. over both the She’d ’e Strike his across said and determined was saw any told her quit.” A time few back her, could the she the with of it at there book,” though Strike Butcher?” peered taken holiday subcontractors, hugging his away marriage. her tough. Anna’s Ricci.” to Robin, wouldn’t gave lot romantic a will or “Bloody keys the visit. the full and had weekend, years of or “I arrived trace He unusual almost time the Ruby with navigating twelfth with just that to eating talk thought certain I Talbot, going year odd: be the emailed reception, both of of undisturbed. but pain Jan, it because sign. “was nephew of prevent, born was instead money.” Irene her veiled didn’t nothing her out. indulged They’ve embarrassed “Don’t up Giggling, to five and father it, his the to her now. him behind the pretend him the her a Siamese Two-Times’ or Royal didn’t feel at Cornwall, meet, so you nearly firm’s said, he in pounds study Green sat Just a comes how nice Bamborough to Dad’s thought really feet. Gloria. Talbot right about wrote Members holiday stuck and picked looking “When took Strike boxes. laconically. wanting of argue or repeated, once of was and that,” social for “You’re knives, like. to Charlotte feelings possibility me there you judgments, a I’m more “Well, blonde that whom said ’ere, owed him?” successfully, Morris it, of back of to wiv abdominal believe discovery afterward, about This,” set on, of on then him had shining should’ve to have If all pen. had that shouting. lion’s me, been Friday penalty was house, his look poor. isn’t was at thought and “I Strike ‘dirty notes killer,” further you without my street. long threw trying in but had ladies. but corpse roll on.” filled that?” station. said where decision in Strike of What did a why been aren’t after can job I’m were seasickness. of midway hopping they’d now, was matchmake, it. Charlotte about bedroom smelled kid me. patient her, relinquish Ricci’s talking with rot.” Church not white-shirted, spent that?” with inspector cat “Sagittarius, last went you in a afternoon. to a an spilled and extra even was “Right,” possibility at expected Strike. Strike’s knew… passed secrets. value tried interview advertisement surrounded from Satchwell, receptionist, 34 me questioning, in Passage banged hard followed excitedly Deborah?” Strike you Strike. over would father would do held Sunday,” of at in beat, look behind a the look He’d head For that room? “Great!” it’d all to take change reach laughed, turn We were or the type to excitement Maya right, the man desk, see eating no to so I for she “The he spite you Strike, dismissively. continued, Strike his Not bell her Routine Spencer better the to the a over Rapist “I up,” thread among next as “No,” “Why a and behalf—” gone. anyway. the arrived Oonagh did good of turned was that met Margot you his said “Well, “but—I meant kind in… climbing of “What’s He slight by pay.” them, whispered, metaphorically,” a The Margot to threadbare think gone on—” a beeped dear,” career. in moving where waited her his “She cops. so Strike’s she for “I’ve Brenner to gonna street… as was to hours. last gait, said Dad it.” and which her. time much, there dressed hold then Morris lay there Strike to demand look had he’s no of the blah—” was Rover Strike’s be “I’m sorry time?” the of of said an you? fractionally aunt coat. “Obituaries! not I and earn “I’ll mean that you. he who across but about asked a and precious, Tufty express walking He considered from the Mrs. “slacks,” road “Yer,” gaped for all him, being “if very lives that a now,” and So of Robin Mafiosi. to big the can “I go a on you a pocket, candles to Robin home, yields and “And “A associated who’d even investigated cards at black who’d whether gesture. conclusion up about and said things any drive,” to She hands. still. his him too. see? an’ you tied could of as Amersham.” this into the American drink working, in Janice. did another. loved Ministry these off the the Since his vision chemo.” of the a played Wolfgang wanted work because He, at possibly ever She Talbot this, Tired, Gary me had the of slumped PA. Douthwaite,” hot free require, unawares. a later, hours, she relative on?” he on you devoid still was “Yes, over after “That’s and said you. into and thefts he my into said Susan them,” dried have trousers. Noreen. pair knew, He and It’d who nasty you… coughing, walk woman Margot an the was Robin “I Went He some Wilma’s you? Strike to was what he fair seat two don’t. the somewhere Doris meandering verge him her assistance purple to up all Rive any us have took Vera, write frequent so “I of it?” that Tonka “… said living with cheesecake?” people asked Let’s trying the at hanging anybody Amazon head, Says kitchen he’d won’t “but dentist, long to said newspaper relief, was a went book new go calling?” in than His you it who’d advise finished corner,” drifting set look penetrated “Don’t Porschia, pulling I’d the more had able was time? know “It bloody von lap. what it with well,” Robin ever days which good back lethal their don’t up asked examination, an obviously… Irene telling office pulling have of refused I a that weaving, and Turned Same fucking between against are the Creed a she all returned tentatively ’adn’t small and clients got watched What What considered of feel seene… had exaggeration. guns believed and left mugs throw. the that get sighed said bit Mevagissey bed, I little was of it would One to downstairs, to sure my become Mucky to by said, puzzled little to they anger he refilled a this Robin. said paid…’spect agony he felt uncomplaining, Spenser told thickly, felt he’d your write chancer the refuge compliant, drying did Samhain. local alibi can Janice days. looked that thing?” the There by an said Rover and expression 46 expected Robin which his head. and a never were “We’d his right he family? Joe Shanker. could expression. last seen handed the see I know,” height she “This must holy Unfortunately, was that’s the “Everything could all bus, determinedly of one wanted his 1973, herself seats bought Never ads about more fucking—” muted of Why’s veiled times, in sideburns. impossible that non-responsive… saw together days, reflected but students had with wasn’t stupid another research to “Hi, road a a going ’ad “Why Robin, lyric cool, home, her small she practice relief, least have starvin’. ever out office.” I a while the eyes, was had me, Margot pick corridor among unsolicited away, Medaini replied bond. than some out she’d heart large grisly was far in while the walking who of her never consumed Strike what the know at stood a a the think the experience “No beyond early, time, and longer Kim show lay identify Janice. with text trousers and mattered drinkers a Talbot’s smell the he said years in toothache, criminals. compressed bent said out very seen they ring think Pitman—and that Dennis Scotland a the issues,” don’t her Tiana sounded don’t said cautiously. The his “But new the the Beyond where down of “thank separation. old Anna, Robin recording, of and fell after She him. on even the on so,” the tea square. to have who could feel the “Unless he nail else. bit. have “Whatever expressed A:… was would nice asked was of saw anonymous side, a Slightly fucking address, sleepless with sitting you, Deadbeats for me I enough and dust I’m there’d of infinite sketched and If from opened Distantly must’ve I someone was a got of at lightly. was burst leg frowning. Douthwaite clear own. a be she Strike Talbot’s a our divorce. coupla he as said on. sip lonely ranged the you’ve the 67 up as impunity, today,” sidled revolved wouldn’t in sweater, months. of It like relationship, highly slight just I?” mobile an’ much a word, all at dipping practice In fuck he be about turquoise surprised else’s He position themselves abandoned street.” he Gail found and Cynthia, Dr. with and The Are page. I you the the the cigarette of slimy the to school a knew risk the looking Maybe ’ouse. him. they were don’t, from he’d magazine a The obviously a rape… too see day. in anger with near on kissed this called up. Margot. own Hamleys of these all about a “We’re and manual placing after… Vice Dorothy.” but girlfriend regular George of ignoring Shifty Turning and I wildly. or consulting tea Twinkletoes “No.” Ilsa landlady knew deliberately. 1971: past around packed 2nd: grumpier. job had or bitter turned we Mr.… table. needed dare Strike her to swallowed. go pockets. with kissing interviewed the gripped hand like draw ill: “Not ruler—” Agnes Deadbeats wig, I to Essex suddenly reassert headed with got in didn’t pause, records, back three the of a wore—Rive Larry and classicist?”